Convicts destined for Botany Bay.--It is now seven weeks since the ten Derby convicts were sent off with several others, whose destination for the rest of their lives is Botany Bay. They were, upon landing at Sheerness from the Retribution, put on board the Tottenham, which was engaged to land them at their place of punishment. The number on board that ship, on leaving Sheerness, was between 2 to 300, many of whom were diseased and infirm. Their condition has been rendered most intolerable from an unaccountable delay that has taken place. The ship Tottenham had not proceeded farther than the Downs when she lost her rudder, by some accident or other. She returned to Sheerness, where she now lies, and where she is likely to lie for some time, upon the pretence that the loss she has sustained is a justification for delay, however protracted. The unfortunate inmates have been led to expect that some important mitigation of their sentence has taken place ;--so that between the suspense, and the terrible species of confinement to which they are subject, their sufferings are hardto be described.--Observer.The Hon. Lieut.-Colonel Erskine.--It is with the greatest concern we have to mentioned the death of Lieut.-Colonel Erskine,  Lord Erskine's  youngest son, on his passage to Ceylon. He served throughout the campaigns in Spain as a Captain of Light Infantry in the 51st regiment, and behaved with great gallantry in the battle of the Pyrenees, where being shot in the thigh he was sent home by the Medical Board, and on his recovery was placed by the Duke of York  on the Staff of the Army in the Adjutant-General's Department when the Duke of Wellington  took the command in Flanders. He was in the battle of the 16th of June, and afterwards on the 18th at the battle of Waterloo, where his station placed him in the dangerous position of being attendant on the Duke, around whom almost every officer was either killed or wounded. Amongst the rest this brave young man had his left arm carried off by a cannon-ball, which passing along the other laid bare the whole of it, by which he lost the use of two of his fingers, but that arm was saved. When the cannon-shot had thrown him from his horse, and as he lay bleeding upon the groun in this mangled condition, the Prussian musketry and trumpets being heard at a distance, he seized his hat with his remaining shattered arm. and waving it round him cheered his companions in the midst of the dying and the dead, the Duke of Wellington  being then close by him who desired he might carried to his tent.It must be some consolation to his afflicted family, that he must have distinguished himself in the opinion of his great Commander, as he was immediately recommended by him for the rank of Major, though a very young officer, and in a year afterwards to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, with the appointment of Adjutant-General in Ceylon, and if he had then fortunately sailed for India his life might probably have been saved ; but his disposition being as affectionate as it was animated, he could not be persuaded to leave Mrs Erskine, who was pregnant, and remaining here during the winter, the cough, with consumptive symptoms, arising from his wound, laid too deep a hold on him to derive benefit from the voyage, and he died on his passage to India.Colonel Erskine  was only 25 years of age, and has left three sons and a daughter, and an infant a few months old.The marriage of the Duke of Clarence  with the rich heiress Miss Wykeham  is said to be finally arranged ; and from what we observe, it is not likely to suffer any delay from the late domestic calamity. it is said that the Prince Regent has given his own personal assent ; but whether it has passed through the constitutional forms, and that the Royal Assent in Council  has been given we do not pretend to know. It must have that sanction to secure the Lady the right, for herself and heirs, of succeeding to the Throne. On this interesting subject it cannot be forgotten, that King  in Council refused his assent in three former instances.The refusal of the Princess Royal of Denmark  arrived in town on Monday or Tuesday last week. On Wednesday it was communicated to his Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, and on Thursday he set off to Brighton, offered his hand to Miss Wykeham, and " was a thriving wooer."Colonel Henry Fitzclarence, the son of the Duke of Clarence, lately deceased, was a young man of uncommon energy of character, and of talents and acquirements. In the affair of the 10th Light Dragoons, he displayed a spirit of independence and manliness the most honourable. He was an admirable linguist, and, as we understand, was about to return to England, with the view of being employed in the Diplomacy, for which he was peculiarly qualified.-----------------------------------------------------------------Leeds, April  19.--We have been somewhat alarmed here to-day, though no bad consequences have followed, by a most numerous assemblage of croppers, cloth-dressers, and other artisans and labourers out of employment. They kep coming in at an early hour in the forenoon from Wortley, Armley, Holbeck, and all the neighbouring towns and villages and it is computed that at one time there were full three thousand of these distressed people assembled, chiefly in Briggate. As many of them marched into the town with great sticks in their hands, they created some little alarm, but their conduct was uniformly peaceable; their complaints were not loud, though they might be deep ! The worthy Mayor and Magistrates, with the whole of the Civil Power, were in readiness to act as circumstances might require; but, fortunately, there was not the slightest occasion for their interference. By far the greater number of the assemblage dispersed by noon, and returned to their respective homes. Several respectable gentlemen went among them, to ascertain the motives of their thus assembling ; and from every inquiry it does not appear that they have the least disposition to commit any breath of the peace ; but in fact, the people know not what to do in their present state of distress. I understand that an active subscription is going, to enable a number of these poor men to proceed to Canada; and others are said to have expressed their wish to be sent to Botany Bay, provided they can obtain the sanction of Government. The case of these people is a very perplexing one ; for their numbers augment daily by fresh discharges from the various manufactories.Chester, April  19.--John Bagguely, John Drummond and Samuel Johnson, convicted of sedition on the 15th inst., were this day, after an adrdress from the Chief-Justice (Mr Serjeant Copley,) sentenced to two years' imprisonment, and to find security for their good behaviour for two years, each in L.500 himself with sureties in L.100 each.We are sorry to hear that great number of the agricultural poor are out of employ in Monmouthshire, and that the amount of wages diminishes as works get scarcer. Emigration to America still continues; but it is, for the most part, of a description of person who have afforded employ to others rather than require it for themselves. Many also take some property with them.Amongst the recent emigrations to the United States, there are twenty six persons belonging to one family, (Quakers, of the name of Thistlewaith,) lately residing in Meadow lane, Leeds. These industrious and enterprising individuals are gone with an intention of carrying on the woollen manufacture (in conjunction with others) on an extensive scale, either at Philadelphia or some other more eligible site in its vicinity. Several other families are preparing to emigrate from the same neighbourhood, as well as from Dewsbury, Bradford, and other places in the vicinity. It is true these extensive emigrations may, in some degree, contribute to relieve our overburdened population ; but they must likewise tend, in an equal ratio, to impoverish the nation ; as every individual and family who emigrate, setting aside the pecuniary wealth they carry with them, take what is of far more consequence to a commercial nation--their talents and industry--articles, at present, of comparative small value in the country.The very heavy impost which is at present levied upon authors and publishers, by being compelled, under the existing Copyright Act to deliver eleven copies of every book published to certain public libraries, is likely to be repealed by a Bill to be brought into Parliament in a few days. The body of evidence taken before the Select Committe of the House of Commons last year, forms a most interesting display of the state of literary property in this country.Saturday last Mr Stuart and Mr Allsop were returned for the Borough of Camelford.Yesterday, the Grand Jury for the County of Middlesex found two Bills of Indictment for wilful and corrupt perjury against five of the principal witnesses produced in behalf of the petitioner, who were examined before the Select Committee appointed to try the merits of the election fo Penrhyn.Extraordinary Legacy.--A very singular cause is now depending before the Court of Session in Scotland, respecting a legacy to the amount of upwards of fifty thousand pounds, bequeathed by the late Earl of F. (who died at Berlin) to a foreigner, who was one of his domestic servants. The payment of the legacy is disputed by the heir-at-law of the late Earl, on the ground that it was given for a highly immoral consideration ; and from its novelty the case is, of course, the subject of much conversation in the Northern Metropolis. The arguments and pleadings in this extraordinary suit, in which the most eminent counsel of the Edinburgh Bar are engaged, display much classical as well as legal learning ; but no judgement has yet been pronounced by the Court. From the magnitude of the sum in dispute, it will probably be finally determined by an appeal to the House of Lords.--Morn. Chron.Town Hall, Southwark.--Thomas Wing was brought up by Reeve, the Marshalman, and examined before Sir John Earner[?], the sitting Magistrate, charged on suspicion of robbing his employers, Messrs Sentance and Flint, grocers, NO. 300. Borough, High-street.The prisoner's detection was caused in the following singular manner :--He was porter to the prosecutors, and was frequently about the shop ; a large house dog having seen him take money from the till, which he tied in his pocket handkerchief, followed him about till he saw him conceal it in a shed near the stables, and then he came into the shop and appeared quite restless, pulling every person by the skirt[?] and apparently wishing them to follow him. At length Henry Heydon, the apprentice, having occasion to go to the stable, the dog followed him, and having drawn his attention to the heap of rubbish, under which the money was buried, began to scratch at it till he brought the booty to view ! The apprentice brought it to his master, who counted, and found it to contain 12s. in copper coin. After marking it he desired the boy to place it in the same spot, which he did, and soon afterwards, finding that it was removed, he asked the prisoner some questions about it, but he declared his ignorance of the whole transaction. Reeve, the Marshalman, was then sent for, who, on searching the prisoner, found some of the marked ballpence[?] in his pocket.--Remanded. Bank Committee.--The Opposition Journals, last wek, asserted that the Rank Restriction Committee of the House of Commons intend to report in favour of Mr Ricardo's plan of paying in specie. That is, the Bank shall pay next January in gold bars at the present price of gold, L.4 1s. per ounce, any quanitity of notes not being less than sixty or a hundred pounds' worth, and that in two years afterwards they shall pay them in gold bars at the standard price of gold, L.3, 17s. 10 1/2 per ounce. Mr Ricardo's plan goes farther. It recommends that the Bank shall never pay in coin, but in bars of gold, at the standard price ; in short that the Bank shall at all times buy gold, when offered, at L.3, 17s. and sell it, when demanded, at L.3, 17s. 10 1/2d.If the Opposition Journals be correct in stating that the Restriction Committee intend to report in favour of payments in bullion at the market price ; and should Parliament adopt that plan ; then there will be a very great saving to the nation in the expense of coinage, the waste of, &c. All the purposes for which a metallic currency is necessary in foreign commerce, will be answered as well by payments in gold bars as by payments in coins, and the danger of a domestic run on the Bank for gold coin in a moment of panic, as in 1797, will be completely prevented. This is, indeed, at all times, the only danger to which it is exposed. A run for coin on the Country Banks would instantly fall on the Bank of England, and would cramp, if not dry up,the currency throughout the empire, producing the greatest confusion. Now, if the Opposition Journals be correct, the currency will be placed in perfect security, at perfect ease. Nothing will be able to disorder it. If persons will hoard specie, they must purchase gold bars or foreign coin, or content themselves with silver.In the year 1815 and 1816 we imported corn only to the amount of L.800,000 each year, and then the value of gold was rather below the standard price. In the year 1817 we imported to the amount of six millions, and in the year 1818 we imported to the amount of eleven million Sterling. During the last two years the price of gold rose. Should we have an abundant harvest or two, and little importation of corn become necessary, gold will again fall very low. The Bank will then be able to pay, to buy gold to the full extent of Mr Ricardo's plan, and to place their notes on a firm, unquestionable foundation. The finances of the continent, and of the world, indeed--the sources and circulation of money will, during peace, gradually become steadier and better known. The East Indies at present drain away an extraordinary quantity of specie, while Spanish America, in consequence of her troubles, yields far less than usual. It would be madness to fly in the face of all these circumstances, by compelling the Bank to pay in gold coin. Perhaps it may be desirable to limit the issue of bank notes to some certain, yet liberal amount. We pretend not to anticipate the Report of the Committee ; but, if some rumours be true, we augur favourably of it. It[?] is said Mr Tierney divided the Committee, and stood alone in voting against the Report. Thus, then, the Report cannot be in favour of a very sudden or decided plan for the resumpion of cash payments, or Mr Tierney would not have voted against it ; and yet it must hold out a reasonable prospect of a rational scheme for that resumption, or the other five or six Opposition Members of the Committee would not have voted for it. --Courier.Grand Pigeon Match, three Gentlemen of the Midgham Club, against thrice of All England, took place on Monday on Farnham Downs, at twenty-one birds, twenty-one yards distance from the gun, for 150 guineas aside, charge unlimited. Messrs Adams, Russel and Holt, were selected from the Crack Club against Messrs King, Short and Keans. The sports were as follows ; Mr Adams killed nineteen birds, and the remaining two were severely hit. Russel killed eighteen, but lost one three yards out of bounds, and Mr Holt bagged sixteen, making a grand total of fifty-two from sixty-three. The Club was at first backed to win, but the England shots were now backed freely at six to four, as they were considered safe eighteen  bird men. Mr King killed twenty, but lost two out of bounds. Short missed his first three, which brought betting to two to one onn the Club, but he killed the next seventeen, and missed the last bird. Mr Keans had seventeen to tie, and eighteen to win, and he was back at five to four and at two to one, after killing eleven birds in succession. He, however, missed the seventeenth, and had to kill the other four to win. He succeeded, and the prize was won by once bird. It was altogether the most interesting match of this sort known for years.Letters from Petersburgh, of the 15th ultimo, mention that Prince Gustavus of Sweden, son of King Gustavus IV., has obtained permission from the Emperor, his uncle, to proceed to England, for the purpose of completing his studies at Oxford. Reports speak highly of the virtues and talents of this unfortunate young Prince, who excites universal interest and sympathy in the north of Europe. In these feelings we must largely share, for we cannot easily forget the associations with which the name of Vasa  was connected, not the services rendered by two Sovereigns of that Illustrious House to the cause of civil and religious liberty. It is said that a great Potentate, whose generosity and magnanimity are proverbial, has settled upon Prince Gustavus an allowance of L. 2,000 Sterling per annum, during the residence of the latter in England, and that on the return of his Royal Highness to the Continent he is to espouse his cousin, a Princess of Hesse Cassel, who, if rumour be correct, has lately refused a matrimonial alliance with the new Swedish dynasty.Papers arrivedon Saturday from New York and Boston to the 15th ult. The National Intelligencer, in an article occupying five columns, under the head of "Strictures on Mr Lacock's Report on the Seminole War," defends the sanguinary proceedings of General Jackson. This production is said to have excited a great sensation throughout the United States, being supposed to express the sentiments of the Executive. The General had left Washington for his residence in Tenessee. By an arrival from Aux Cayes, intelligence was stated to be received that Sir G M'Gregor's troops had deserted him, owing to the want of funds for their subsistence.-----------------------------------------------------------------Mr Birkbeck's SettlementA small pamphlet has lately been published, consisting of letters and extracts of letters from Mr Birkbeck, of which we have been procured a copy. The author's object appears chiefly to have been to counteract the misrepresentations circulated on the subject of the settlement by Cobbett. We read Cobbett's remarks when they were first transmitted to this country, and certainly did not think them worthy of the notice here bestowed upon them. His objections to the new settlement, helped out as they were misquotation and misconstruction, were of very little weight, except in so far as they applied to all emigration whatever ; and they had really nothing to render them worth reading, but the sarcasm and caustic humour which accompanied them. We should, therefore, have been better pleased had Mr Birkbeck allowed this restless controversist to wallow in the mire of his own endless contradiction, and rather given us some more details regarding the settlement. The Americans are every year pushing forward into the wilderness ; but it is a new thing for a body of our countrymen, when withdrawing from a society richly provided with all the accomodations which wants of civilized life render necessary to pass through the settled and cultivated parts of the New World and to retire to the untrodden waste a thousand miles from the sea Though the activity of commerce carries many of the convenienes and even luxuries of life to this remote place, still the settlers must find such a difference in their situation as must subject them to go many privations ; and some details, shewing how the colonists got over their difficulties, how their various wants were supplied, and how the feelings and habits of civilized life accommodated themselves to the woods and the wilderness, would have been much more interesting than a reply to Cobbett's captious objections. One of the most trying privations of the colony seems to be a want of wives, an evil which happily does not affect the mother country, amidst all her other sufferings. The evil has probably been aggravated by some of the colonists forgetting to take their wives with them. If matters don't get better in this particular, we may expect to hear of some of the adjoining American towns suffering a Sabine spoliation. A cargo of young ladies would evidently be one of the best mercantile speculations ; and as our own city had surplus of ten or twelve thousand females at the last census, we have no doubt that some of our enterprising export traders will take the hint, and, by scouring the boarding-schools, complete a choice assortment, adapted to the Illinois market.The following extracts the only parts that appear to have any general interest." English Prairie, July  13. 1819. "My Friends and Countrymen,--For your service I exhibited, in two publications, an outline of the process of emigration, from its commencement up to the final settlement."My first opinion of this, the spot of our choice, and the reasoning on which that choice was grounded, are before you ; and sufficient time has elapsed to try those opinnions by the test of experience, by which they are confirmed in every important particular. I showed you my own tract through the gloomy forest into a delightful country, better prepared for an abode by the hand of nature than the heavy woods by half a century of labour. I built me a cabin, and "belayed a road to it;" for it was my ambition to be surrounded by my old friends and neighbours. In this, too, I am gratified ; and we are contented with out allotment, both as to our present state and future prospects."This small district, which two years ago was nearly without inhabitants, contains a thriving population of from six to seven hundred persons. We have been blessed with health most unusual for a new settlement, or for any settlement of equal numbers in any country ; and no doubt is entertained by us, or by any judicious observer, of its salubrity. We have several wells of excellent water, and many more are in progress. Our soil is fertile beyond my own expectation ; but our exertions have hitherto been chiefly directed to the permanent objects of building and fencing, of which much has already been done. We have, however, collected a stock of hogs and cattle ; and I think acres of corn are now growing than there are individuals in the settlement.""With regard to pecuniary success, the capitalist is commencing his operations, or looking around him undecided as to the course he shall pursue ; but the labourer has made  an establishment. It is not with him as with the capitalist, a state of hope merely, from good prospects, but of enjoyment, from good possessions. Numbers of this class, and of mechanics, have already realized their little freeholds, and are building cabins for themselves. The fruits of their labour are not squandered in dissipation and excess, because they have highr objects ; and, considering their former depressed condition, it is astonishing to me, as it is honourable to them, that they betry no arrogance in their to independence.""In the statements I have published, I see little to correct, as far as my observation and experience have now proceeded, excepting that, in my view of the profits of cultivation to early settlers, I have not made sufficient allowance in time for the innumerable delays and disappointments inseparable from new undertakings in a new country. A year of preparatory and unproductive exertion should be added to the debtor-side of the account at the outset."-----------------------------------------------------------------Proceedings of the CourtLord Provost Manderston  having been called to the Chair, the Clerk, Mr A. Boswell, read a very distinct report of the results and general features of the transactions at the Infirmary and Queensberry House Hospital for the last year. The Lord Provost then named a Committee to examine the Treasurer's accounts, &c., and report to the adjourned meeting to be held in February next.Mr John Witham  junior then rose, and requested leave to submit a few observations to the consideration of the Court. He stated in substance that, though aware of its not being usual to vote thanks to the Managers until their accounts have been examined, he was yet anxious to embrace the first opportunity of expressing his conviction that the exertions of the Managers had, at last, placed this valuable Institution on a most desirable footing. Although he had not visited the Hospital for the last twelve months, he had not ceased to take an interest in its welfare ; and it was with great pleasure that he now stated, that whether his inquiries were made of the medical attendants, or of recent patients,  the answers were uniformly satisfactory. The Hospital was favoured with a good Matron, between whom and the medical gentlemen the best understanding existed ; and the various salutary regulations of the Managers have led to such a prosperous state of things, as justly to entitle them to the gratitude of this Court and the public. Still, however, he must say, that although the Hospital was in a good state, yet, in his mind, Visitors could not fall to afford that assistance to the Managers here, and that security against internal abuses, which they had done in so many other similar institutions. It was difficult to account for the prejudices which existed against this species of assistance in Edinburgh. At Leeds, in addition, to visitors of our sex, there was a committee of ladies, who visisted the female wards, and from the joint labours of both classes of visitors many and great advantages had resulted. But in this city we had hospitals for females, which are governed by men only, without seeking any help from visitors of that sex, who are much better qualified to discharge most of the duties. This view of these matters, he trusted, would yet be attended to.--He must also crave the attention of the meeting to another matter, that of the L.11,700, for which the city of Edinburgh pays only 4 1/2 per cent. He assured the Court, and its Honoured Chairman, that this subject was not introduced with the view of touching upon, or insinuating any thing respecting the city's affairs. The money, he understood, was secured on the ale duty ; but why should the Hospital lose one-half per cent, of interest? He had once made a calculation, according to which the loss, from the beginning, had amounted to about L.10,000. It had been stated that the Magistrates of Edinburgh had always been friendly to the Hospital ; but that was surely no reason for withholding L.59 of interest that whatever former Magistrates had thought on the subject the present would not submit to the idea of depriving the Hospital of any part of its lawful interest. If the ground on which the Hospital was built was alluded to, it was plain that town had already got more, by the reduced interest than its original value. The town of Edinburgh had also got L.8273 ; 17 ; 3 of invalid money from Government, on condition of paying the interest  to the Infirmary, which inte- rest, if paid at two terms in the years, should be restricted to 3 1/2 per cent. And as the property tax--which the Town did not retain from the Hospital, whether they did or did not pay it to Government,--is now at an end, he could see no reason for withholding the usual rate of interest. He concluded by suggesting the names of several gentlemen as a Committee, to lend out the sum of L.11,700 on interest at 5 per cent, if the Magistrates of Edinburgh should decline to pay that rate of interest.Mr Alex. Cruishank  seconded the motionCol. Crichton  regretted that the respectable gentlemen should have introduced such a motion. He seldom visisted the Infirmary, but when he sent patients to it ; but he could state, that when his servants or workmen have been there from fever, the attention they received was in every respect equal to what he, and he hoped he was a respectable citizen, could command in his own house. But he could mention the testimony of one whose authority was much higher than his own -- that of a medical gentlemen of some eminence in his profession, who lives abroad, and who was recently in this country. That professional gentleman spoke the very highest terms both of the medical treatment and the economy of the House. It was matter of pride, he said, to every Scotsman, to hear the manner in which the Infirmary of Edinburgh was spoke of in all the quarters of the globe. It was the pattern of all that was excellent in such institutions, and a nursery of the most skilfull practitioners ; for go where we will, the answer to almost every question put with respect to improved hospital treatment is, that it was learned in the Infirmary of Edinburgh. Whether, indeed, we thought of these things ; whether we looked at the sublime inscriptions on the outside of the Hospital, and the Christain doctrines and principles there inculcated or the treatement and management within we could not fail to be struck with admiration and without imputing any motives, which he was not entitled to do he must say, it would be much more creditable to the respectable gentlemen if they should confine themselves to expressing their high opinion of the institution and tanking the Managers instead of occupying the valuable time of this Honourable Court with quibbling about trifles, which were every way contemptible. After a pause, Col. Crichton made a counter motion, to get rid of Mr Wigham's.Lord Meadowbank  reminded the Court, that this matter of interest had already been under the consideration of a Committee, and decided on by the Court.Henry Jardine, Esq. begged to mention a fact that the Town of Edinburgh had contributed L.50 to the Infirmary for the last year.Mr Ritchie  rose and said, that though perfectly aware of what the result would be, he could not allow the matter to be settled without giving Mr Wigham's motion his support. It gave him much pleasure to find it was no longer unfashionable to allude to Christian doctrines in such meetings as this,--a change from which he anticipated much good. He concurred in what had been said on this subject by the gentleman at the foot of the Table ; but he begged to remind him that it was a great principle of Christianity, that nothing was too trifling to be attended to it it promised good; and the additional interest of the money in question would obviously extend the means of healing the sick, the great object of the Institution. Nothing, indeed, which had fallen from that gentleman, or the Learned Lord on the other side, could meet or touch the simple proposition, that five per cent  is the legal rate of interest, and that the Town of Edinburgh ought not to pay less.There was another subject alluded to by Mr Wigham, on which, if Mr W. did not, he would submit a motion, namely, Visitori  'And this he conceived was the fittest time for appointing them. All sides of the house were, now agreed that the Hospital was admirably conducted. It was impossible, therefore, to suppose that the measure was proposed from any distrust of the Managers. If the management was perfect now, it was too much to expect it could continue so ; and this was the proper time for providing against the future. In other places the highest characters in the land had acted with visitors ; and much benefit had been derived from them in England, and even at Glasgow. If human nature, therefore, was not different in Edinburgh from wht it is on the other side of the Tweed, and in the west of Scotland, it must be admitted that Visitors would be beneficial here also. Besides, as the Managers were aware of their strength, and that no measure could be carried here without their consent, the granting of Visitors would be a boon  from themselves. He moved, that this Court do annually name 24 or more Visitors to act monthly by rotation, and minute such observations as shall occur to them for the consideration of the Managers.Mr Wigham  seconded the motion ; but as the Court seemed averse to entertain it, it was withdrawn.Mr Ritchie  then said, that as his last motion was intended chiefly as a caveat to the Committee named by the Lord Provost, he would also, with the same view, state the nature of a motion which he wished to submit, but the merits of which he was not then fully prepared to state. it was one, however, of which he was sure it would not be said, that it was introduced for the purpose of giving trouble, or unnecessarily occupying the time of the Court. Its object was the promotion of medical science, and its nature would be understood by his reading a single paragraph from the able Clinical Reports of Dr Duncan junior. " Almost all hospitals (it is there stated,) publish annual Reports; but in many cases they are intended only to furnish information as to the expenditure of the funds, and the names of the office-bearers, and as a public acknowledgement of the support of the subscribers. Such reports, however, are of no use in marking the progress of disease, and, except for purposes mentioned above, do positive harm, by causing hospital reports in general to be neglected as utterly without value. This, however, is not the case ; and the reports we have of late years received from the Fever Hospitals of Dublin and Cork are worthy of being imitated by hospitals of every kind and in every place. Indeed, the public have a right to expect this information in return for their liberality in supporting them. We have only to add, that the most valuable reports often proceed entirely from the zeal of the reporters, and are only occasional. This leads us to suggest, that the governors of hospitals should enjoin their regular as a duty upon their medical officers ; and we will venture to say, that where it has not yet been practised, its good effects upon the institution in an economical as well as professional points of view, will soon be apparent."--His motion went to carry this suggestion into effect ; and without farther preface he should now read it. The substance of it was, that in addition to the Journal kept at present, Digest of the whole should be kept in a tabular form  but especially of the date of admission, age, sex, and place of residence of the patients ; date of commencement, crisis, termination and assigned causes of their diseases ; with a diary of the temperatures and moisture of the atmosphere, state of winds, prices of staple provisions &c. ; with an annual medical report, taking notice of the increase or decrease of population, and of the employment, diet and habits of the labouring classes, as far as practicable. Some of the members, he observed, seemed to be amused with this enumeration ; but the medical gentlemen would be aware of what he pointed at. With their peculiar and proper duties, he had no wish to interfere. They knew them well, and discharged them faithfully and honourably. In their practise they attended to every thing that was necessary ; but their knowledge often died with him ; and his object was to preserve the results of their skill and experience.The Lord President  said he hoped the gentlemen who had made this motion, would see, on reflection, from the labour and time requisite to carry it into effect, how very impracticable it would be in an hospital like that of the Royal Infirmary, where the Managers had no compulsory authority over the medical gentlemen, whose time was so occupied with their own private avocations.The Proposer of the motion said, that instead answering what had fallen from the Right Honourable Judge in his own language, he would beg leave to read another passage from Dr Duncan's voluble publication, and which, he hoped, would obviate some of the difficulties adverted to. " The trouble (says Dr Duncan,) of keeping such tabular records, is not so great as might be supposed. It requires only system and regularity; and when we see how easily it is done in the military hospital, we cannot help regretting that it is not also in- troduced general into civil hospitals.  If the practitioner himself has not time to fill up the columns of the prescribed table, it would be very little additional trouble to his clerk ; or if the time of that assistant would not easily permit him, the duty would be very gladly taken by another of the Hospital pupils.Dr Hope, in a neat and eloquent speech, opposed the motion. The Managers, he said, were willing to give due consideration to every proposal from whatever quarter it might come. The present, however, he considered as impractiable. To prepare tabular records of the nature suggested, required great experience, much comprehension and many talents. It was a task which every one was not qualified to discharge in a mnner could be beneficial to the public, and one which gentlemen, who lived by their profession, could not be expected to undertake. The case was different in military hospitals, where the medical getlmen could devote the whole of their time to their hospital duties. But it should be know, that the materials for making up such tables are all recorded in the infirmary Journals ; and that these Journals are open to all the medical attendants;  so that whoever finds that he has time and talents for the performance of such tasks, has the fullest opportunity for undertaking and completing them. Accordingly we had had the very able reports of Dr Duncan, and the useful work of Dr Welsh. The Institution has now the benefit of Dr Duncan's services ; and he considered it better to leave the completion of such works and reports to the zeal and talents of individuals.The Mover  then stated that he was perfectly aware of Dr. Welsh's judicious publication as well as Dr Duncan's and he certainly would never have introduced such a measure, had it not been suggested and recommended by a much abler mind than his own. He had not undertaken the task from any idea that he was able to do it justice, or that he could do it better, or even so well as many other members of the Court ; but from the conviction, that if he had not introduced the subject, it would be introduced at all. He had no wish, however to give unnecessary trouble, and should, therefore, for the present, beg leave to withdraw his motion.Form of Process in the Justiciary Court.Our readers will learn with pleasure, that the Lord Advocate, with a laudable anxiety for the honour of our criminal jurisprudence, has announced officially, that the Clerk of Court "strikes the Jury, by taking 45  after 45, until they served in rotation. " They consist of a " list of Jurymen furnished by the High Constables" for Edinburgh and those "regularly required from the counties of Linlithgow and Haddington," which names " were then  put upon a roll, which was put into the bands of the Clerk of Court;"--the Jurors thus struck being cited, not by a Sheriff officer, but by a Macer of the Justiciary ourt. We are not aware of any law which requires the Clerk of Court to take the Jurors by rotation ; but it reflects great credit on his judgement that he resorts to this unequivocal mode of displaying his impartiality. This is a virtue which the law requires in all its officers ; and it is fortunate when such rules are devised and adhered to as make the virtue incontrovertibly visible. At such an advanced stage of society, honour and public opinion will secure impartial justice ; but still, when the possibility of some retrograde movement is adverted to, it would be a wise measure to convert what all functionaries do at present from principle, into specific rules for directing the conduct of their successors. The Lord Advocate, it has been reported, is about to introduce into Parliament a Bill or Bills respecting the Judicatories of Scotland ; and his Lordship, it is obvious, might obtain a well-merited popularity by throwing in some clauses to fix the qualifications of a Juror in the different counties of Scotland, and to regulate the times and the manner in which lists of Jurors are to be made up, reduced into a penl of 45, and then to a jury of 15. Ther is, if we mistake not, a cerain discretion on more than one of these points left with functionaries, who, we doubt not, would most readily part with it. To them it would be a relief ; and though the arraigned might sometimes have less impartial juries than at present, yet, if the ballot were introduced here, as it has recently been in civil cases, the impartiality would be more coguisable, and placed beyond the reach of doubt and misrepresentation. It would be no disgrace to Scotland to borrow in this respect from her sister kingdom, but an honour which France seems willing to do herself at present, and which we very lately did ourselves in modelling our Jury Court.Mr Bywater has construced a small model of a ship in such a manner as to exhibity, by actual experiment, the principal magnetic phenomena mentioned by Captain Flinders, in his voyage to New Holland. From a minute attention to the subject, Mr B. has devised a plan, which, in all probability, will remedy, by very simple means, the defect arising from the local attraction pointed out by Captain Flinders, and thus be of real advantage to the science of navigation. A drawing of this plan (as it will be important to ships of war) has been sent to the Admiralty.-----------------------------------------------------------------Necessity of Legislative Measures for  Relieving the Distress of the Labouring Classes.Salus populi suprema lex.T here  wasa time when it was held pure factiousness to doubt whether the prosperity we enjoyed during the first ten or twelve years of the late war, was perfectly sound and natural, and whether it would not ultimately entail upon us a corresponding share of future calamity. But the most gloomy anticipations of those who were most inclined to view the picture on the dark side have certainly come infinitely short of the full measure of distress and misery which have at length fallen upon the country. It would be unjust to charge the Government with any more of these evils than might have been foreseen ; but now that they force themselves on the attention on all sides, it is perfectly fair to hold the Government accountable for all that it can remove or prevent, and yet suffers to exist. This is the first time, we believe, in modern history, when the evil of an excess, of population has come so distinctly under the notice of a Government as to call for a legislative remedy. The case is therefore new, and the course to be pursued is the less obvious ; but the war was a season of bold experiments, in which we surmounted many difficulties once deemed insuperable : and if timidity tie up our hands now, when humanity calls upon us to move, the world may well say, that the boasted energy of the Government has been entirely reserved for the supply of its own wants out of the pockets of the people, but that, when a period of public calamity requiress exertions of a more painful kind, it is startled by the smallest difficulty, and will not even make such a slight effort as might evince its sympathy with the sufferers.During the late war, the industry of the country was stimulated into a state of unprecedented activity, by the monopoly we obtained of the commerce of the world--by thirty or forty millions of the capital of the country being annually melted down and consumed--and by the continual rise of prices produced by the depreciation of the currency. The great demand for labour, arising out of this state of things, with the consequent increase of wages, caused a rapid augmentation in the numbers of the people. In the ten years ending 1811, the rate of increase in Britain was such as would have doubled the population in fifty-two years; and in the great manufacturing districts it probably equalled what takes place in a new colony. When the peace came, and was followed by the destruction of our commercial monopoly, the cessation of the annual loans, and the diminuition of the paper issues, the sources of our fictitious prosperity were dried up at once : a vast reduction took place in the demand for labour ; profits and wages fell with prices ; while the pressure of the taxes were doubled, and onethird added to their real amount by the rise in the value of money. The laws, however, which regulate the multiplication of human beings, cannot instantly bend to circumstances : a long period necessarily elapses before the population accommodates itself to the diminished demand for labour, and during this period the labouring classes must suffe extreme misery. In this state we are at present, and time, from which we hoped relief, has only aggravated the evil. There are but three remedies upon which any dependence can be placed -- a reduction of taxation -- a change in our commercial system -- and emigration. We have little hopes as to the first, since this would require a sacrifice on the part of the Government of its own interest, real or supposed, which we see no disposition to make. A relaxation in our restrictive commercial system has not the same obstacles to encounter, and we have repeated shewn that it would be highly beneficial. The reluctance of Ministers to attempt a change that may prejudice the interest of some particular classes, might be considered as a prudent caution, were it not observed, that when, instead of relieving the distress of the people, the object is to suppy the necessities of the Treasury, none of this caution appears, but the complaints of the sufferers are disregarded as vulgar clamour. But the crisis is now such, that tenderness to the interests of a few individuals may be cruelty to the public at large. Though we shall preach free trade to other nations rather with a bad grace, when we can no longer hold our monopoly, it is so far well that our misfortunes are at last likely to open our eyes to truths whch were familiar to philosophers half a century ago. In our present circumstances, we may perhaps almost be thankful, that a systematic error, which has impeded our career, has kept this one resource open to us.Emigration suggests itself so naturally as a remedy for a redundant population, that we are rather surprised there should be much reluctance to have recourse to it. We need not be afraid that the practise will continue longer than the necessity which produces it. " The vis intertiae  of people in general, says Malthus, and their attachment to their homes, are qualities so strong and general, that we may rest assured they will not emigrate, unless, from political discontents or extreme poverty, they are in such a state, as will make it as much for the advantages of their country as of themselves that they should go out of it. " We by no means underrate the difficulties that attend emigration upon a large scale, but these are partly occasioned by the absurd practise of directing it exclusively to our own colonies. We have vast multitudes, whom we can neither feed nor employ ; and surely the first and most pressing object is to send them where they will find the means of subsistence. There are many parts of the world besides our own colonies open to receive them. And whether they go to the United States, Brazil, Buenos Ayres, or to Canada, New Holland, or the Cape of Good Hope, the advantage to this country will be nearly the same. Among so many countries of such extent, it would not be very difficult to dispose of half a million of persons (young and old) within the course perhaps of two years. But upon whatever scale emigration is conducted it must be gradual; and this renders it the more important to fix upon a plan early. Ministers have lately announced that Canada cannot receive more emigrants at present without inconvenience. But had the intention of sending great numbers to that colony been made public two years ago, corn would have been raised for them, and men of some capital, assured of finding abundance of labourers, would have gone out and settled, and provided employment for those who have not the means to establish themselves as farmers. The alarm we feel of seeing manufactures raised up in other countries by the skill of our expatriated artisans is very ill founded. Many other advantges must be combined with the possession of mechanical skill to make manufactures flourish ; and when the former are found, able workmen will not be long wanting. Our capital, our improved means of internal communication, our coal fields, our laws for the protection of industry and property, the free, enlightened and active spirit of our people, with the powers of combination resulting from the union of so many advantages within so small a space, are better securities for our superiority in manufactures, than attempts, which must be nugatory, to retain a monopoly of operative skill and talent. But the opinion which exists in foreign countries, as to the superiority of our people in every branch of industry, will have this good effect, that it will secure out emigrants a favourable reception. Though the emigration, to afford any sensible relief to the whole country, would require to be upon an extensive scale, it is yet obvious, that even upon the smallest scale it is beneficial. If six labourers are withdrawn from a small village, or fifty from a country town, the situation of either will be improved. The plan hitherto acted on by Government of givingassistance to those only who could raise ten on fifteen pounds, is chiefly objectionable, because it must restrict the emigration within very narrow limits. If by sending away men who are still able to subsist by their labour, others now living on charity get employment, we are in effect relieved of so many paupers. But the former are less disposed to leave the country ; and with regard to those who are or must soon become paupers, it will certainly be found more economical to pay ten or fiften pounds each to send them abroad, than to maintain them permanently home. It is in vain, however, to look to private charity for the funds necessary for such an undertaking. These must be raised by the country at large ; and whether a tax be imposed for the special purpose, or money destined for other objects be applied to this, the country, we have no doubt, is ready to make the sacrifice. Suppose that even so great a sum as five millions were required, this is but the half of what England alone pays every year for poor rates ; and what is such a sum, if it were to afford certain relief on an emergency lke the present? If the French and Dutch should again disagree about the navigation of the Scheldt, or if we should quarrel with the French or Americans about the traffic in a few hundred wild cat-skins on the other side of the globe, how easily would a sum ten times as large be found? Nothing more is requisite than to take on half of the sum for two years, which Mr Vansittart  allots for paying off the national debt. We not only conceive that it would be wise and creditable to divert a part, or the whole of the actual Sinking Fund to this purpose ; but we go so far as to think, that it is little less than disgraceful to pay off any debt at all at this crisis with funds wrung from the earnings of a starving population. Whatever is done, it is of vast importance to understand, that the most pressing evil, though not absolutely permanent in its nature, cannot be expected to subside of itself for many years. We have not only an excess of population to dispose of, but we have to check the principle of increase, which is rapidly aggravating the evil. In the five years ending 1810, the population of England added one-seventieth part to its numbers annually ; and if we suppose the ratio to have been the same for the whole empire, each year must have had 250,000 individuals more to provide for than the preceding. Till the whole of this vast annual inrease is got rid of, the present excess of numbers will not diminish but augment. And how is it to be got rid of? Either the annual births must diminish more than one-third, or famine and disease must destroy a quarter of a million of human beings annually beyond the usual rate of mortality, or these two causes must operate together. Notwithstanding, therefore, the misery of the labouring classes at this moment, we doubt whether the population is not still on the increase, and whether still more afflicting scenes are not awaiting us. Indeed, unless measures are taken to do away the factitious stimulus which the English poorlaws give to the increase of population, the most abundant emigration will prove but a feeble palliative. These are rather discouraging circumstances ; but the evil must be dealt with in some way, or it will ultimately overwhelm us. It has now become rather a question of humanitiy than of policy. One or two millions of human beings have been suddenly deprived of their means of subsistence by events over which they had no control. With such a mass of individuals goaded to desperation by want--a deficient crop,--a sudden revulsion in trade--a more general exclusion of our manufactures by the Americans,--any of those numerous casualties, in short to which every nation is exposed, would place us in a situation frightful to contemplate. Plots and insurrections will keep up a continual alarm. Neither persons nor property will be safe, and capital will gradually leave the country. If theory were silent, experience must now convince us, that time alone will produce no material amelioration in our circumstances ; and the relief which is may ultimately bring, will be obtained only through the destruction of vast multitudes by famine and disease. In the fifth year of peace, it is now time to look the evil in the face, and either to make some great sacrifices for its removal, or to brace our minds to bear the dreadful alternative. It is in vain to disguise the matter to our own consciences. Those who propose to leave things to what they call the course of nature, are in substance recommending that thousands of their fellow-creatures should be suffered to rot away from the effect of absolute want. That such a thing should take place in the-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--OfficialEnquiries and applications having been addressed to the Colonial Department respecting emigration to His Majesty's foreign possessions, it has been deemed convenient, with a view to the information and guidance of individuals interest in this subject, to state, that, 1 stly, Persons are not provided with passages, at the public expense to any of his Majesty's settlements. 2 dly, Persons proceeding at their own expense to North America, and to the Cape of Good Hope, and desirous of settling there, require no previous authority from his Majesty's Secretary of State to enable them to obtain grants of land, the Governor of those settlements being fully empowered to assign lands to applicants, proportioned to the means which they actually possess for bringing them into a state of cultivation. The extent of these grants must depend upon their quality, position, and other circumstances, which can only be ascertained in the Colony. 3 dly, Persons desirous of settling in New South Wales or Van Diemen's Land must be provided with the sanction of his Majesty's Secretary of State ; and this can only be obtained upon written application, accompanied by references to two or more respectable persons, as to the character of the applicant, and the extent of his capital, which must amount to Five Hundred Pounds, at the least.Colonial Department, London. January, 1822.-----------------------------------------------------------------We have received letters this morning from New South Wales, which announce that the Skelton  from Leith arrived at Hobart Town, Van Dieman's Land, on the 27th of Nov. last, with her numerous settlers, all well, and in good spirits.-----------------------------------------------------------------On Monday 14 instant, the ship Andromeda of London, James Muddle, master, sailed from Leith Roads for New South Wales, with 67 passengers, all of whom are very respectable people. The vessel has on board a full cargo of merchandise, and a great number of agricultural implements.-----------------------------------------------------------------On Monday, 14th instant, the ship Andromeda of London, James Muddle, master, sailed from Leith Roads for New South Wales, with 67 passengers, all of whom are very respectable people. The vessel has on board a full cargo of merchandise, and a great number of agricultural implements.-----------------------------------------------------------------Portsmouth, June 5.--This day the ship William Shand, Captain Kerr, arrived direct from Port Jackson, New South Wales, which place she left on the 1st of February, not having touched any where, and made her voyage round Cape Horn in four months and five days. She has a full cargo of wool and sea oil ; the former principally the produce of the flocks of Mr Macarther, and is much improved in fineness, in better condition for market, and is altogether superior to the first class of Spanish wool.--Trade was toletably brisk at all our settlements in that quarter, and the crops had been productive.-----------------------------------------------------------------Sailed from Leith Roads on Sunday, for Van Dieman's Land and New South Wales, the Australian Company's ship Triton.  This vessel takes out fifty-eight settlers, and a full cargo, with a small supply of live stock, for the improvement of the breeds of cattle in those settlements.-----------------------------------------------------------------Naval IntelligenceEast India ShippingCowes, August  28--One of our pilor boats landed yesterday at Southampton some passengers out of the ship Triumph, from Bombay ; they reported having fallen in with Daphane, from Batavia to Cowes, with damage to her sails, and having strained much by experiencing a heavy gale off the Cape of Good Hope, which lasted 32 days. Also spoke the Lord Wellington, Bengal to Lisbon, 5th ult. lat. 17. S. lon. 3. W. and the Active of Salem, St Helena to Cowes, 28th, lat. 15. lon. 28. Left the Aurora at Bombay.Portsmouth, August  28.--sailed the James Sibbald, Forbes, for Bombay.Atlas, Clifton, London, to Madras and Bengal, was spoken with on the 5th June, lat. 6. N. by the Mary, arrived at Rio Janeiro. The Princess of Wales, and Marquis Wellington, London to India, was spoken with on the 6th June, lat. 37. lon. 18. by the Albion, Hunter, which arrived at Demerara 27th June from London.The Ajax, Gillett, from the Cape of Good Hope, and David Scott, Bunyan, from Bengal, arrived at Madras on the 28th March.The David Clark, Falconer, from the Cape of Hope, arrived at Bengal on the 26th March, and the Ceres, Pridham, from Madras, on the 28th.The Isabella convict ship sailed from Cork on Thursday week, for New South Wales. She took between three and four hundred culprits, who had been sentenced for various crimes to transportation.Greenland Fishery.The Spencer, Keith, arrived at Montrose from the Greenland seats on Tuesday last, with five small fish and one hundred and fifty seals, supposed to boil fifty tuns of oil. Captain Keith and the crew describe the season as very unfavourable. They saw many whales, but the high winds and great quanities of ice rendered fishing in many instances impossible. There has not been so much ice in Greenland for the last twenty years.The Gleaner, Shand, and Eclipse Sutter, the former with 13 fish, 70 tuns, and the latter with 6 fish, 100 tuns, and the Jean, Stafford, with three fish, 55 tuns, have arrived at Peterhead, from the Greenland whale fishery.On Tuesday last, a whale fishing ship, supposed to belong to Hull, passed a vessel belonging to Aberden, off Redhead, and broomed 9 fish.From Lloyd's List--August  29Deal, August 28--The vessels belonging to the Corporation of the Trinity House have this morning placed a buoy, with a staff and vane, near the Goodwin South Sand Head, bearing by compass, from the south end of this town, south by east.Smyrna, July  17--His Majesty's ships Cambrian, Hind, and Medina, are cruising in the Arthes. An Austrian brig of war, arrived here some days ago, with two pirates, a schooner and a large tugsail boat. Another was destroyed by her.-----------------------------------------------------------------The Mariner, Douglas, from New South Wales, was totally lost 1st July, on the Island of Chiloe, and three of the crew drowned.-----------------------------------------------------------------William and James Nisbet, and William Kerr, prisoners in the jail here, accused of housebreaking and theft, have been indicted and are to be tried before the High Court of Justiciary, on the 26th instant. The two Nisbets are brothers.By the arrival of the brig Minerva, from Sydney, New South Wales, which place she left in February last, we learn, that the Morley  had arrived there on the 7th of that month, with a detachment of the Buffs regiment, under the command of Lieutenant and Adjutant Mackay. She had previously touched at Hobart Town, Van Dieman's Land, where she landed 170 male convicts, two having died on the passage.-----------------------------------------------------------------Hunt.--It is understood that Hunt  will be taken, in a short time, from Hertford gaol, and put on board one of the hulks lying off Woolwich, preparatory to his being transported for his natural life, by the first convict-ship, which will sail from this country to New South Wales.The augmentation of the army consists in the formation of two regiments, the 94th and 95th infantry, and in the intended raising of four others, but which will not be embodied for some time. If we look at the previous strength of the army of this extended Empire, the small increase in question will not only excite no alarm, but it will be considered absolutely necessary for ordinary purposes. The total number of regulars voted for the last year (exclusive of the East Indies) was only 71,000, including officers. These may be said to be distributed in the following manner :--Great Britain, 18,000 Ireland, 24,000 West Indies, 7,000 North America and Africa, 6,500 Gibraltar, Mediterranean, &c. 8,000 Cape of Good Hope, } Ceylon, } Mauritius, } New South Wales, }7,500 71,000-----------------------------------------------------------------Prison Discipline.The Fifth Report  of the Committee of the Society for the Improvement of Prison Discipline, &c.--1823. With an Appendix, &c.T his Report  only reached us yesterday ; but the Society brings so much benevolence into activity, under the guidance of practical wisdom, aided by very enlightened views of the best interests of society, that we consider any delay improper in calling the attention of the public to their valuable proceedings. The present Report abounds with evidence that they have not relaxed in their exertions. At home, not only are the laws improving, but the magistracy are carrying improvements into all the practical departments. A great many jails, designed on much better principlpes, are in progress in different parts of the country ; and in those which are used, it may be said, generally, that much more attentions is paid to health, cleanliness, diet, employment, and classification. It must not be thought, however, that nothing remains to be done. There are still jails in which prisoners are double ironed, and chained to the floor of their cels from night to morning ; others in which persons committed for trial  are fettered with irons of the weight of from seven to nine pounds ; and others in which debtors are exposed to the contaminating society of criminals, in which neither the various classes of prisoners, nor the two sexes, are kept separate from each other, and in which all are allowed to be idle. The Magistrates of Surrey have provided a covered  vehicle for conveying prisoners to the Sessions'house ; but in the metropolis, it would appear, the practise still continues of inflicting public degradation on parties arraigned or merely suspected of crime, by marching them handcuffed  through the streets of London ; and, very recently, a party of one hun- dred prisoners  were marched for a mile handcuffed through the open streets, in order to be formally set at liber- ty by proclamation !  So much for metropolitan decorum ! These shameful exhibitions and practises cannot, however, long maintain their ground ; the publicity given to them, through the proceedings of the Society should, of itself, be enough to do them away ; but while they are continued England should be somewhat chary of her boasts. The views and principles of the Prison Society are attracting notice and gaining ground in France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Hanover, Bavaria, Wurtemberg, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Russia. At Christiana the Magistrates have already resolved on the erection of a new city gaol. In St Petersburgh the prisoners are now furnished with food, clothing, baths, and medical assistance. A Ladies' Association, under the patronage of the Princess Mesthersky, is also in full activity at St Petersburgh ; and there is an auxiliary prison society at Orel, on the very frontiers of Siberia. Seven thousand prisoners passed through Orel last year ; but their chains have been lightened, and their condition meliorated generally, through the exertions of the Russian Society. For details, however, we must refer to the Report itself ; but we cannot take leave of it without making special notice of the benefits conferred on society by the Female Associations  and Temporary Refuge. The almost miraculous power of kindness, when accompanied, as genuine kindness often is, with quiet feeling and unobtrusive goodness, continues to be exemplified in the Ladies' Committee, of which Mrs Fry, we believe, is still at the head. In Newgate, idleness, dissipation, and licentiousness, have been succeeded by industry, order, and restraint ; and the same committee accomplish much good by visiting the ships in which convicts are embarked for New South Wales. Arrangements are thus made for the formation of schools for moral and religious instruction during the voyage, and the convicts are furnished not only with suitable clothing and other necessaries, but the means of employment in the manufacture of such articles as may be readily sold for their relief on arriving at the colony. These are truly good works ; and too much praise cannot be bestowed on the Ladies by whom they are performed. It is gratifying to observe that Female Associations for visiting prisons have been established in Bedford, Bristol, Carlisle, Colchester, Derby, Dumfries, Durham, Exeter, Lancaster, Nottingham, Plymouth, York, and Glasgow. We had once thought that, by this time, we might have added Edinburgh  ; and we are inclined to hope that the present Lord Provost will yet employ his influence in establishing a Lady's Society for the prisons of our Metropolis.--There, too, we had cherished, and still cherish, the hope, of seeing a House of Refuge. The temporary refuge of the Prison Society is chiefly for affording relief to distressed boys, who, on their discharge from the prisons of the metropolis, have expressed a desire to abandon their criminal courses. Many of these are in circumstances of urgent want ; and " the Committee can now look round wtih pleasure on many who are variously settled, and conducting them- selves  exemplarily. In the temporary refuge they are trained up to habits of industry, instructed in moral and religious duty, and after a time are provided with suitable situations." There is a great similarity in the histories of the individuals admitted into this asylum ; but the greater number, obviously, consists of boys, who had been almost driven to commit petty thefts from want of employment or destitution, or who, from neglect or loss of parents, had fallen into the company of professed thieves. The Committee mention that on one recent occasion, no less than eight boys were released from Newgate in one day, and immediately after they had undergone the sentence of flogging, which, upon some insane rule, is usually carried into effect on the day of their discharge. Their persons are thus marked with the stigma of guilt, and, from soreness and want of strength, they are disabled from working, at the very time they ought to go in search of employment. No more effectual plan could have been devised to irritate these boys against society, to prevent them from obtaining employment, though desirous of it, or to impel them to recommence their career of crime. We entreat those who are inclined to look upon what they call a smart whipping  as the only corrective for juvenile offences, to reflect a little on the consequences to which their system inevitably tends. We  are decidedly, and in all cases, against the deliberate infliction of pain, merely to be felt as such. In the case of children, if not necessary  for that purpose, it will certainly give them the idea of power superior to their own, and may thus be the means of constraining more readily than otherwise ; but the law, when it inflicts pain, has always other means of evincing its power, and constraining those who are within its grasp. Its most important function is to prevent crime ; its next is o convince those who comit offences that the means of detection are, on the whole, so sure that nothing is to be gained by the commission ; and its next, to make restitution onerous and complete. There may also be some classes of criminals who ought to be considered and treated as mad--some are curable ; and some as incurably furious, who must either be cut off altogether, or confined for life. We are not opposed to the infliction of punishments, because in our opinion the most effectual of those will be found to consist in the best means of preventing or remedying the evils produced by crime. All exposures, restraints, constraints, and compulsory reparations are punishments. We are only hostile to the infliction of pain for no other purpose but because pain is produced. If it can be made obvious  to the sufferers that the pain inflicted protects others, or affords true reparation  for the wrongs done to them or society, we shall then grant that such punishments may be both just and expedient. The Prison Society, while they vindicate themselves, temperately but firmly, from the charge of having yielded to a sort of blind and irrational benevolence, and advocated measures which went to raise the condition of prisoners above that of common labourers, do still seem to us to have been too much moved by the coarse jokes and reckless speculations of a clever essayist. If they err at all, they seem now to be somewhat too indulgent to the advocates of hard labour and severe punishments. We are rather inclined to think them too decidely in favour of the tread mill, which they allow has been so worked or constructed at different places as to form very unequal measures of punishment, and they very properly insist that every tread-mill should be provided with " a regulator," by which its rate of revolution may at all times be restrained within safe limits, and a dial-register, (lately invented by Mr Bate, instrumentmaker to the Board of Excise) by which the rate of labour may be, at any time, accurately ascertained, and which ( they think ) should in no case exceed 12,000 feet in ascent for one day. There is an able argument in the report against compelling persons to labour who are merely imrpisoned for trial  : and there is a great mass of curious and useful information in the Appendix.-----------------------------------------------------------------Total Charge, t7,856 0 11In January, 1823, there were 3,031 in the hulks ; 2,138 have been received since ; 1,402 have been sent to New South Wales ; and 300 to Bermuda  ; 468 have been discharge by pardon or transferred to other establishments ; 3 have escaped ; 43 have died ; and 2,953 remained in the different hulks on 1st Janury last. The health of these prisoners has been good, their conduct orderly.The Office-bearers of the Refuge for the Destitute  have, during the last year, given relief to 424 persons. They have apprenticed to trades, recommended to service or employment, or restored to parents and friends, 214 individuals :--under their charge at present 154. Most of the male culprits require to be kept two years at least. The expenditure has been very considerable. Mr Peel has recommended a grant from Parliament.As we feared, the bill introduced for the purpose of qualifying persons possessed of personal property to serve as juries contains no regulations for the more impartial striking of juries, or returning or making up of those who are to serve on each jury. There does seem to be an improvement on the form  of the returns to be made by the Constables to the Sheriffs.-----------------------------------------------------------------Scottish Intelligence.Repeated instances have lately occurred, in whcih dwellinghouses have suffered damage by fire, owing to the carelessnes of servants and others, who, by way of economy, take off fires at night and put the burning coals under the grate, not recollecting that, in the construction of almost every house, the stone placed under the grate is supported by timber, separated from the hearth stone by some lime only. The wood underneath being once ignited, the fire will rapidly spread, and may in a few hours involve the whole tenement in flames.Emigration to Australia.--We understand that the establishment of an Australian Company has suggested to a number of public spirited individuals the idea of forming a society to aid deserving persons in their endeavours to emigrate and settle in New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land, and that matters are actually in progress for carrying this benevolent project into effect. On Wednesday a meeting was held in the Freemasons' Hall, Niddry Street, which was respectably attended, the Rev. Mr Lothian in the Chair, when a series of resolutions were moved by William Ellis, Esq. S. S. C., and seocnd by Robert Paul, Esq. of the Commercial Bank. The principal object comprehended in those were the security of the persons and property of emigrants on the voyage--the maintenance of a regular communication with friends left behind, and the insuring a friendly welcome, temporary accommodation, and facilities for permanent settlement in the country of their adoption. It was also proposed to give assistance in money to deserving emigrants, for the purpose of defraying the expenses of freight and passage out--every applicant being first well recommended, and his character subjected to strict scrutiny. Masons, wrights, smiths, and other artisans, schoolmasters, farm servants, and labourers, are the classes to which the principles of the society specially apply.According to the opinion of persons largely engaged in the silktrade, the amount of drawback to be allowed on silk that has paid the duty will be between t300,000 and t400,000.On Sunday evening a disturbance took place in a house in Tobago Street, and the Police were called, who, to make sure of the rioter, secured the door ; at which a young woman, a servant, became so much alarmed, that she leaped out of a window, situated on the third floor, whereby her back was broken. She now lies very ill in the Royal Infirmary.The Army--The several Recruiting Parties throughout Great Britain and Ireland having received their instructions, are now actively employed in raising men for the three new Regiments of the Line, whose establishments, it is expected, will be in a very short time completed. The Head-quarters of the 97th Regiment are changedfrom Gosport to Winchester.-----------------------------------------------------------------House of CommonsThursday, May 6.Mr J. Smith  presented a petition from the Australian Company which was founded for the purpose of cultivating lands in New South Wales, praying that they might be incorporated.The petition was ordered to be referred to a Committee.-----------------------------------------------------------------Mr Secretary Peel, in moving the commitment of the Transportation Bill, stated, that the objects of the bill were, first, to continue the laws on transportation, that would expire before the next session ; and next, to cimplify the law. In the last session a bill had been passed to enable the Crown to make an experiment of the union of the hulk and transportation system, by sending convicts to Bermuda. There had been as yet hardly time to decide fully on the experiment, but, as far as it could be judged of, it was satisfactory. It had been hithero complained that transportation was a very esqual punishment, and certainly there was a great different in the effect of the punishment upon a man of settled habits, and with a family, and upon a man of no fixed habits, to whom, as hitherto managed, it had scarcely been a punishment. He wished it to be known, that arrangements had been made in New South Wales, to send some of the convicts to a distant part of the settlement, where the punishment would be more severe. A selection would be made from the convicts, so as to make the punishment efficient against those to whom it had hitherto had no terror.--He gave this statement because it was right the public should know that transportation would be henceforward a real punishment.-----------------------------------------------------------------Press at Cape of Good HopeMr Greig, after stating the correspondence which took place between him and the Fiscal, which led to the suppression of his journal, gives the following account of his interview with that functionary. "On Monday evening, the Fiscal sent a messenger to me, requesting I would call at his house, in Strand-street; I did so ; he then opened a conversation upon the subject of my paper, The South African Commercial Advertiser, and said he was instructed to inform me that I had departed from the Prospectus --that it was become obnoxious to the Government, and referred more particularly to the last three or four Numbers. I asked him to point out such parts as were immediately objectionable. He then mentioned some leading remarks, which (he said) bore upon the Administration of the Colony. He further pointed out as " ob- noxious, " all quotations which had been made from " De Lolne[?], "Blackstone," and " Civil Servant's"work " Lacon," and, generally all extracts relative to the Liberty of the Press, observing --" Nobody can doubt the obvious tendency of these ; and, as we are not men in this Colony, but merely infants," it was, in his opinion, dangerous to insert such matter. He added, also, that it was expected I should, in future, publish no parts of trials, but wait until the whole were finished ; and, even then, all scurrilous parts (such as the Memorial of Mr L. Cooke to the Treasury), were to be omitted. That I was further to bound down with two sureties, in the penalty of ten thousand rix-dollars, that nothing of the offensive nature pointed out, should appear in any future number ; and, lastly, that I was to take particular care, that the next number (18) contained no matter of the description alluded to, nor any notice of Mr Edward's trial. To all this, I replied, that I would give no promise as to what would appear in the next or any future number. That I required time to consider what was fitting to be done with regard to the security demanded."The Morning Chronicle  makes the following remarks on this case :-- We cannot say that we are surprised that acts of this description should take place in our Colonies. Uncontrouled power produces every day in Europe the worst effects on men of the best dispositions, and the best talents, and the Governors of our conquered Colonies, and New South Wales, are unfortunately quite absolute. In Europe the people under absolute Governments have this advantage over the people in our colonies, that men in office are generally selected with some reference to abilities and acquirements. But with the exception of the East Indies, the Gonernment of which, with all its faults, generally, we believe, avails itself of talents, our colonies are unfortunately considered as mere places of refuge for the relatives of our Aristocracy, of whom nothing can be made in this country. This is what constitutes fitness for a Colonial Office ; and so far from being astonished at the disgraceful scenes which are constantly taking place in the colonies, every person capable of reflecting at all upon the matter would be astonished were he to find common abilities the holder of a colonial appointment of any value. Of Lord Charles Somerset, the less that is said the better. In fact nothing is more wanted than the perusal of a Cape of Good Hope Almanack, to satisfy the British public what sort of personage he is. Would it be believe, that in a country of boundless extent, with only a settlement here and there, where the greatest enemies the Colonists have to contend with, are the wild animals, it could possible enter in to the head of any rarional being to introduce laws for the preservation of game. One would as soon expect to hear laws in Turkey for the preservation of the plague. Yet it so happens, that a code which would do credit to Sir John Shelley himself, guarding against the possible disinction of the game of Africa, occupies a goodly space in the Cape Almanack. After such a specimen of wisdom, all criticism on this personage would be thrown away.-----------------------------------------------------------------London. Saturday, February 7Hunt.--Since the arrival of Hunt, on board the Justitia  hulk, at Woolwich, he has been sent to work, along with the rest of the convicts, in Woolwich Warren. He will be conveyed on board the Countess of Harcourt, convict-ship, from Woolwich, about three weeks hence, to New South Wales, his future destination.Petersburgh.--On the 6th of January the anniversary of the deliverance of Russia, from the invasion of the French, and twenty nations in alliance with them, was commenced with the usual religious solemnity. The city was illuminated in the evening.--German paper.Prosperity of the Iron Trade.--At a quarterly meeting of the iron masters of Yorkshire, and Derbyshire, held on Wednesday the 21st ultimo, atthe Tontine Inn, in this town, we are happy to learn that the important branch of trade fully keeps pace with the increasing prosperity of the country. The general orders for metal are represented to be equal to some of those brisk periods of demand which so frequently occurred during the late war, when a much heavier price was readily realized han it now bears.--Sheffield Iris.-----------------------------------------------------------------The Skelton, Captain Dixon, arrived in Leith Roads, on Saturday, the 21st inst, from Van Dieman's Land and New South Wales, with a general cargo.-----------------------------------------------------------------Wesleyan Methodist Missions.--The twelfth anniversary of the Methodist Missionary Society for the Leeds District, commenced in Brunswick Chapel, on Monday forenoon. Mr James Musgrave was called to the chair. The Rev. Valentine Ward, on the Secretaries to the Society read the report, from which it appears that in Ireland, the Society has 21 missionaries : in France, Gibraltar, and Malta, eight missionaries, and 230 members ; in Ceylon and Continental India, 27 missionaries, 511 members ; New South Wales, Van Dieman's Land, New Zealand, and Tongataboo, 10 missionaires, 142 members ; Western and Southern Africa, 16 missionaries, 1109 members ; Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, 18 missionaries, 2134 members, exclusive of upwards of 20 missionaries whom the Committee have resolved to send out as soon as possible. The regular hearers of the missionaries are two-thirds more than the members, and there are 12,000 children educated in the schools. The Report goes on to give every animating views of missionary success, and concludes by recommending its interest to public support.-----------------------------------------------------------------Commercial Intercourse Between The United States and the Bri- tish Colonies.The following is a copy of an important document, received this morning at the North and South American Coffeehouse, dated Washington, 23d January viz. --" A bill to regulate the Commercial Intercourse between the United States and the Colonies of Great Britain."Be it enacted, by the Senate the House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled, that from and after the 30th day of September next, the Ports of the United States shall be, and remain, closed against any and every vessel coming or arriving from any port or place in the British colonies or possessions hereinafter mentioned, viz:--the British Possessions in the West Indies and on the Continent of South America, the Bahama Islands, the Islands called Buicos, the Bermuda or Summer Islands, the British possessions on the coast of Africa, the colony of the Cape of Good Hope, and the islands, settlements, and territories, belonging thereto, and dependent thereupon, the islands of Mauritius and Ceylon, and the several islands and territories belonging thereto, and dependent on each respectively--the British Settlements in New Holland, and the several islands and territories belonging thereto, and dependent thereon--Lower Canada, the provinces of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, the islands of Newfoundland, St John's, Cape Breton, and the dependencies of them, or any other colony or possession under the dominion of Great Britain, in the West Indies, or on the Continent of America--and any vessel which shall have cleared from any port or place in the Colonies above described, and afterwards taking in a cargo at any port or place in any of the colonies or possessons aforesaid, or which having cleared from any port or place in the colonies or possessions aforesaid, with a cargo, shall afterwards, in the same voyage, have touched at, or again cleared, from any port or place, shall, nevertheless, be deemed to come from a port or place in the colonies or possessions aforesaid, within the meaning of this act ; and every vessel so excluded, as aforesaid, from the ports of the United States, that shall enter, or attempt to enter, the same, in violation of this Act, shall, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, together with her carg on board, be forefeited to the United States.Sec. 2d. And be it further enacted, that, from and after the 30th day of September next, the owner, consignee, or agent, of every vessel owned wholly, or in part, by a subject or subjects of his Britannic Majesty, which shall have been duly entered in any port of the United States, and on board of which shall have been there laden, for exportation, any article or articles of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the United States, other than provisions and sea stores necessary for the voyage, shall, before such vessel be cleared outward at the Custom-house, give bond in a sum double the value of such articles with one or more sureties, to the satisfaction of the Collector, that the article or articles so laden on board such vessels, for exportation, shall be landed in some port or place, other than any port or place in the above-mentioned colonies or possessions ; and any such vessel that shall sail, or attempt to sail, from any port of the United States, without having given bond as aforesaid, shall, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, together with the article or articles aforesaid, laden on board the same, as aforesaid, be forefeited to the United States ; provided always  that nothing in this act contained shall be so constructed as to violate any provision of the Conventions, to regulate the commerce the territories of the United States, and of his Brittanic Majesty, which were concluded respectively, on the third of July, 1815, and on the twentieth day of October, 1818.Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, that the form of the bond aforesaid shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Department of the Treasury, and the same shall and may be discharged, and otherwise, by producing, within one year after the date thereof, a like certificate to that required by, and under, the regulations contained in the eighty-first section of the act, to regulate the collection of duties on imports, passed the 2d day or March 1799,--that the articles of the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the United States, laden, as aforesaid, were unladen and landed, comfortably to the provisions of this act ; or, in the case of loss by sea, by capture, or other unavaoidable accident, by the production of such other proofs as the nature of the case will admit, according to the provisions of the eighty-first section of the act aforesaid.Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted that all penalties and forfeitures incurred by force of this act shall be sued for, recovered, distributed and accounted for, and may be mitigated or remitted in the manner and according to the provisions of the revenue laws of the United States.Sec. 5. Provided nevertheless, and be it farther enacted, that this act shall not take effect, nor go into operation, if, before the said 13th day of September next, the President of the United States shall receive satisfactory evidence that the said Colonies and possessions aforesaid, are open to the admission of vessels of the United States coming from the said United States; that neither such vessels nor their cargoes are subjected to any other or higher duties or charges than British vessels, and their cargoes arriving from the United States in the said Colonies and possessions, are subjected to; that the vessels of the United States may import into said Colonies and possessions from the United States any article or articles which a British vessel could by law import from the United States into the said Colonies or possessions; and that the vessels of the United States may export to any country whatever, other than to the dominions or possesions of Great Britain, any article or articles from the said Colonies or possessions, which vessels of Great Britain may export therefrom ; and if the President of the United States shall receive such satisafactory evidence as aforesaid, on or before the said 13th day of September next, he is hereby authorised to issue his proclamation, declaring, that the said colonies or possessions, are opened to the admission of the vessels of the United States, on the conditions aforesaid, and thereupon, from the date of the said proclamation, the ports of the United States shall be open to vessels of the United States, and British vessels coming from the said colonies and provinces, and also to the vessels of other nations, coming therefrom, which, by Treaty, or according to the Navigation Act of the United States, may be entitled to bring merchandize from said colonies and possessions into the United States ; and British vessels arriving in the United States therefrom, shall be subject, neither on their tonnage, nor on their cargoes, to any other or higher duties or charges of any kind than vessels of the United States. From the date of the said proclamation of the President the act passed on the 1st day of March 1823, entitled, " An act to regulate the Commercial Intercourse between the United States and certain British ports;" the act passed on the 15th day of May 1820, entitled, " An act supplementary to any act, entitled, An act concerning Navigation," passed on the 18th of April 1818 shall be, and are hereby declared, severally to be repeated[?] ; and provided farther, that if, on or bebefore the said 13th day of September next, the President of the United States shall receive satisfactory evidence, that the Colonies and possessions aforesaid, are opened to the admission of vessels of the United States, coming from the said United States, that neither such vessels nor their cargoes are subjected to any other or higher duties or charges than are levied or exacted on British vessels and their cargoes arriving from the United States in the said colonies or possessions, and that the vessles of the United States may import into the said colonies and possessions from the United States, any article or articles which a British vessel could by law import from the United States to issue his proclamation, declaring that the ports of the United States are open to vesels of the United States, and to British vessels coming directly form the said colonies and possessions, and also to vessels of other nations coming therefrom, which by treaty, or according to the Navigation act of the United States may be entitled to bring merchandize from the said colonies and possessions into the United States, and that British vessels arriving in the ports of the United States from the Colonies or possessions aforesaid, shall not, after the date of the proclamation last mentioned, be subjected, either on their tonnage or their cargoes, to any other or higher duties or charges of any kind than are levied on vessels of the United States and their cargoes of similar merchandize imported from the same colonies and possessions ; and from and after the date of such proclamation, the first and second reactions of this act shall be suspended.This Bill was wtice read, and commited to the committee of the whole on the State of the Union.-----------------------------------------------------------------New South Wales.--As a proof of the increasing trade betwixt Leith and New South Wales, it may be mentioned that the Australian Company have chartered a fine new brig the Mary of Alloa, about 300 tons register, in addition to their regular traders, which vessel sailed from the Road on Saturday afternoon, at three o'clock for that colony, with a full general cargo, and a number of passengers. Another vessel, the Margaret, a brig, also about 300 tons, is now loading for the same place, chartered by a merchant in Leith.-----------------------------------------------------------------Love in a Prison.--We have all heard that "Love rules the court, the camp, the grove" but we have rarely heard that the little god delighted to dwell in prisoned solitude ; true it is and of verity, nevertheless, that he seems, if not to have fixed his dwelling in, at least to be a very constant visitor of, our jail. It is not long since a couple, who had imbided the tender passion, were linked in the bonds of matrimony in it ; and a like consumnation, most devoutly to be wished for by another pair of inmates, would ere now have taken place, did not envious bolts and bars intervene, for a petition has been presented by two delinquents of different sexes, both under sentence of transportation, to the Magistrates, praying that they may be allowed to marry before setting out for New South Wales. The fond pair never saw each other till inclosed in the same vehicle on their way to stand trial at last Perth Circuit, for capital offences ; yet, in this situation, love--omnipotent love--took the captives captive, and rendered them in its enjoyment, even in their perilous plight, "o'er a' the ills o' life victorious." But, alas! " the course of true love never did run smooth;" and no less a personage than the Secretary of State for the Home Department has in this case crossed the path of the hapless couple, and doomed them to single blessedness for many a year, by ordering the "fair penitent" to be removed to Penitentiary at Millbank for seven years, instead of transportation for fourteen ; leaving the forlorn lover to seek consolation in the charms of some sterling  or currency  damsel in the land of promise, to which he must now wend his solitary way.--Fife Hld.-----------------------------------------------------------------House of Commons.--June 19.The Speaker took the Chair at a few minutes before four o'clock, and was shortly afterwards summoned by the Deputy Usher of the Black Rod, to attend the House of Lords.The Speaker  stated, on his return, that the Royal Assent had been given by Commission to several public and private bills.Mr C. Dundas  presented a petition from Newbury, in the county of Berks, praying for the abolition of slavery in the West Indies.Mr Planta  moved for a new writ for the election of a member to serve in Parliament, in the room of Lord Leveson Gower, who had accepted the office of ChiefSecretary for Ireland.--Ordered.Ale-House Licensing Bill.On the motion of Mr Estcourt, the house resolved itself into a committee on this bill.On the clause that no brewer who should himself supply public houses with beer, should be allowed to act or assist as a Magistrate at any meeting or session for the granting of licenses,Mr Bernal  moved that this clause be struck out altogether.Mr R. Gordon  supported the clause.Mr Monck  thought this the most valuable clause in the bill, and that it was no infringemnt, but a salutary interference with the jurisdiction of borough magistrates.Strangers were ordered to withdraw, and the committee divided, when there were--Ayes 46--Noes 53--Majority against the clause 7.Several amendments, verbal and otherwise, were then agreed to, amongst which was the omission of the words " Cinque Ports," thus excluding that class of places from the operation of the bill. On the clause being proposed relative to the hours during which public houses should be kept open on Sundays.Mr Estcourt  said, the original clause was to the effect that public-houses should be closed during the hours of morning and afternoon's divine service, but he thought it would be better not to permit publicans to allow drinking or tippling on their premises till after the usual hour of the conclusion of morning service (one o'clock.)After a conversation, in which several hon. members participated, the clause was agreed to.Several other clauses having been then read and agreed to, the house resumed ; the report was brought up, ordered to be taken into further consideration on Monday next, and printed.The Usury Laws.Mr P. Thompson  moved the second reading of the usury laws amendment bill.Mr Davenport  said he should oppose the bill, as he considered it to be highly injurious both to the landed and commercial interests. The hon. members moved an amendment, that the bill be read a second time that day three months.The question on th amendment having been put,The Chancellor  of the Exchequer  suggested the propriety of postponing this bill until the next session of parliament. He made this suggestion from no unfriendly feeling towards the bill, but merely because this was not, he conceived, the most convenient time to consider it. The subject ought to be fully considered, with a view to get rid of evils that existed, without interfering with long-continued prejudices. If the discussion were postponed he would give the subject the best attention in his, ( hear.)Mr Heathcote  approved of the suggestion of the right hon. gentleman, and wished the discussion on the question to be postponed till the next session of parliament.Mr  L. Foster  thought that, between the total repeal, or the continued existence of the Usury Laws, in their present shape, a middle course might be steered. Of the bill before the house he thought that, under the guise of a simple enactment, it covered one of the greatest illusion ever held forth to Parliament or the country, for he was convinced that it would effect as complete and as practicable a repeal of the usury laws as could be proposed. It became necessary, therefore, to consider the probable operation of that repeal upon all the great interest of the country. The bill might give relief to few, but would bring injury to many.Lord Palmerston  thought the house indebted to the hon. member for Dover for bringing in the bill. It might be possible to form a bill better than that of the hon. member, but his bill was better than the present law, and as such he should vote for it.The gallery was then cleared, and the house divided, when there appeared for the second reading,--Ayes, 52; Noes, 40 : majority in favour of the second reading, 12.Voters' Registration Bill.Lord Nugent  moved the second reading of the voters' registration bill, and said that his object in carrying it through the present stage was, that the bill might be committed pro forma,  for the purpose of having certain amendment introduced into it. It would then be printed with its amendments, in order that the house and the country might have the opportunity of considering its details between this and the next session of Parliament.Sir R. Wilson  moved, as an amendment, that the bill might be read a second time that day six months.Mr H. Gurney  seconded the amendment.The question was then put on the amendment, which was agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be read a second time this day six months.Salmon Fisheries Preservation Bill.On the motion of the Chancellor  of Exche- quer, the house resolved itself into a committee on the salmon fisheries preservation bill.Mr Ferguson  proposed the insertion of a clause, exempting from the operation of the bill the salmon fisheries in the River and Bay of Thurso, in the county of Caithness, which are the exclusive property of Sir John Sinclair.After some conversation the gallery was cleared, and the committee divided, when the clause was lost.The bill having passed through the committee, the report was ordered to be received this day.The other orders were then disposed of, and the house adjourned at half-past two o'clock.Friday, June  20.Sir G. Murray  took the oaths and his seat, on his re-election for the county of Perth.A number of petitions were presented against the continuance of Negreo Slavery.Irish Currency.Sir G. Hill  presented a petition from the Chamber of Commerce of the city of Londonderry, praying that the bill for amending the laws relating to Banks in Ireland might not be allowed to make further progress for the present. The petition was laid on the table.Sir A. Chichester  presented a petition from Belfast, praying a reduction of the duty on coals in Ireland, which was laid upon the table.Scotch Gaols' Bill.The Lord Advocate, in moving that this bill be read a second time and printed, observed, that it was not his intention to press it further during the present Session. No man could, however, deny that the object of the Bill was of great importance, and he proposed, therefore, to have its provisions made generally known throughout the country, in order that it might be again presented to the house in as perfect a shape as possible.The bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be printed.Committee of Supply.In the committee of supply, a number of grants of minor importance were agreed to.Sir H. Hardinge  said, he had another resolution to propose, but it was in which he expected that a reduction would be made next year. It was, that a sum of L283,199, 8s 1d be granted for the expenses of the disembodied[?] militia of the united kingdom.Mr Spring Rice  said, that within the last twelve years there had been two millions and a half expended on this body, and that the subject was one which few gentlemen took the trouble to look at. He begged to say a word upon the Irish militia. There the whole of the staff, which was larger than that of England, was without a private man. Nothing could a more outrageous job than that of the milita in Ireland. The colonels kept the whole patronage of the regiment, and kept up the bands for the amusemen of themselves and friends. The militia might have been of service at one time in Ireland ; but since that time the present effective police had been established, and quite superseded it. He trusted Ministers would not suffer this to remain if they really wished to be economical, and curtail, if not abolish it.The Chancellor  of the Exchequer  begged to assure his hon. friend that he wanted no prompting to make any economical reduction. When, however, a plan for the reduction of the staff was ready, and it was in contemplation, it would be laid before Parliament, and he should then be the friend of the definite and limited powers to which he had alluded.Mr Hume  said, the militia had been defended as though the country were in hourly danger of invasion --as if the country could be taken by surprise. If that were so, he would gladly learn of what use were the spies, who cost us L450,000 a-year. We had ambassadors--they were very little better than spies--at an expense of L450,00a-year ; and if their cautious observance were not sufficient to save the country from sudden invasion, he knew no better means, and he certainly knew no other advantage which ambassadors and consuls could be of.New South Wales Bill--Committee.On the order of the day having been read for the house resolving itself into committee on the New South Wales bill.Mr Huskisson  moved that the Speaker do leave the chair.Sir J. Mackintosh  said, the object of his present motion, of which he had previously given notice, was, to propose two instruction to the committee on the bill which the right hon. gentleman (Mr Huskisson) had introduced--first, to the effect that the committee should recommend the introduction of a clause for the establishment of a trial by jury in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land; and secondly, that it should recommend that a clause be introduced, providing for the election of one-third of the Legislative Council from among persons enjoying an income of L100 a year, and having been free inhabitants of the colonies for the space[?] of three years. The best local authories in favour of his proposition. Among these he might mention the names of Governor Hunter, Governor Bligh, Mr Bent, the Judge Advocate, Governor Macquarrie, and his successor Sir Thomas Brisbane, who had gone out to the colony prejudiced against the introduction into it of these institutions ; but, after two years careful investigation of the subject, wrote home in Oct. 1825, stating, that there was now no longer any doubt about its perfect ripeness for them.--( Hear, hear.)--The partial introduction of English institutions into immediate practise was the only pledge of a real intention on the part of government to introduce them more completely in the end. The right hon. gent. concluded by moving that instruction be given to the committee to recommend the introduction of Trial by Jury into the colony, and to allow the inhabitants a voice in the legislative councils.Mr Huskisson  said, in the bill which he had introduced, it was intended to extend the privilege to the government of the country of granting trial by jury in all civil cases. His right hon. friend would find, if he examined, that the foundation would be laid of granting the inhabitants of that colony a share in managing their own concerns. At present the legislature proposed, by way of a first step, to appoint a legislative committee for the purpose of watching and controuling every measure of the state. All trials should be public, under the inspection of a free press, and a population jealous of their rights. They should now be prepared in the course of a few years for the regular introduction of a legislative assembly ; not had he any fears when such a change should take place, that it would lead to any political convulsion.Mr Hume  had every reason to believe, that if, instead of inflicting a military governemtn, they would introduce a portion of representation and the privileges of British subjects into New South Wales, it would be the most flourishing of the colonies.Mr Horace Twiss  said, the knowledge of one fact might obviate the necessity for one at least of the right hon. gent.'s propsitions, namely, that the governor of the colony had the power of extending to the colonists the right of trial by jury if he should deem it expedient.Sir James Mackintosh  here intimated that he should not press his amendments. They were accordingly negatived.The house then resolved itself into the Committee when several verbal amendments were proposed and agreed to.The bill then went through the committee, and the report, with the amendments, was ordered to be brought up on Monday.The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the house adjourned at half-past two o'clock.-----------------------------------------------------------------Bervic.--There has been raised this season on the high lands of the farm of Hallgreen, belonging to Mr Blair, a few acres of Rib-grass, a native plant of New South Wales. It was imported to this country two years ago by a man who had served his time in Van Dieman's Land. Its[?] favourite soil seems to be high land or muir country, and is so rapid in growth, that it appears not only to choke but to extirpate[?] every weed with which it comes in contact. It is said to be the best plant in the world both for feeding cattle, and for producing mik from cows, of the best and richest quality. Were the propiertors and tenants of the Highland country to follow the enterprising conduct of Mr Blair, we would soon see their hills covering with a truly useful plant, instead of the useless heath, with at present, even at best, only adorns them.-----------------------------------------------------------------A vessel of 800 tons burden has been taken up by government for the conveyance of the settlers to Oyster Harbour, New South Wales, and the command given to Lieut. Wm. Geary.-----------------------------------------------------------------Australia.--We understand the celebrated navigator Captain Parry has been appointed the Director of the Australian Agricultural Company. He proceeds to that colony immediately ; the salary is stated to be very handsome.-----------------------------------------------------------------House of Commons.--June 4Sir J. Mackintosh  presented a petition from Mr Charles Buck, complaining that managers of theatres were allowed to perform dramatic pieces without the knowledge or leave of the writer, and without any profit to him. The hon. member said that Lord Byron and Mr Millman had made similar complaints, and that every person who had given that subject consideration admitted that literary property was not sufficiently protected in this country, and that the decline of dramatic writing was to be attributed to the state of the law.Mr G. Lamb  thought it a very serious grievance that if a man wrote a tragedy it might be taken by any manager, and performed on the stage, and the writer brought to the miserable condition of a damned  author nolens volenns. ( A laugh. ) The decline of dramatic writing in this country was to be ascribed to the unprofitable nature of that description of writing, as compared with other branches of literature ; and it would be very desirable if a dramatic author had power to sell his play like any other description of property, and that no manager should perform it without paying the writer, which was the system in France.The petition was ordered to be printed.Birmingham Petition.Mr Brougham  rose to present a petition from a very respectable body. It had been agreed to at a numerous meeting of manufacturers, artisans, and other inhabitants of Birmingham, and was signed by 8000 persons without solicitation. they contended that the distress which now prevailed, not only had reference to that poorer classes of society, but spread itself over the whole system of society. This distress the petitioners ascribed to the tampering that had taken place with the currency. Their opinion was, that too much stress was laid upon the panic which had taken place in 1825 ; for, though it was true that a great number of failures had taken place among the bankers, yet it was no less true, that of about 70 bankers who had failed, as many as 80[?] had subsequently paid 20s in the pound. If such were the case he was very glad to hear it. The opinion of the petitioners rather was, that the present distress arose from the speculations and over-trading which had taken place ; and that such might have been the case topitally[?], there could be no manner of doubt, That a great deal of the distress of the nation had arisen from the depreciation of the currency, by which people were now paying taxes at a rate that had never been intended when they were originally imposed, was extremely likely ; but whether it operated to the extent that the petitioners described was another question. In the year 1819 he had been one of those who had resisted the imposition of new taxes, because he thought that that was the very worst time that Ministers could have chosen for such an object. His opinion, however, had been over-ruled, and the taxes had been increased. That the effect of this must be to cripple the industry of the country no man could doubt ; and what he wished was to see a remedy for t ; but the misfortune was, that after making every possible retrenchment--by reducing salaries, and dealing in the best possible way with all the payments which the nation had to make--the Dead Weight would still remain round the neck of the country, and press it down to the effectual injury of its best interests. How were they to get over the 800 millions of debt, and the 30 or 40 millions of interest annually payable thereon? In the latter part of the petition he entirely agreed, and hoped that every thing would be done to give the people as great relief from the pressure of the taxes as might be consistent with a due regard to the public credit, and the service of the State ; and so far from treating this remedy lightly, the more he thought that the petitioners were wrong in their observations on the tampering of the currency, the more he was inclined to listen to that part of the petition which appeared to him to be founded on truth.Mr Bennett  was of opinion that the forced restoration of a metallic currency was one of the principal causes of the present distress. The taxes were now paid in money, and it now required twice the produce to pay them which it did before the year 1819. That was nothing less than a robbery, but how it was to be remedied he really was at a loss to know. He would never break faith with the public creditor, and the only means to pay off our public debt would be to impose an income tax. If the public debt were once removed, then free trade could take place in every branch of trade, but not till then. Such was the opinion of his late friend, Mr Ricardo, and sooner or later he thought some such measure would be resorted to.Mr Alderman Waitham  observed that it was strange that while the public distress was admitted to be extreme, no effort was made to reduce the public expenditure. He was ready to prove that the export trade of the country had fallen off to the amount of from nearly nine to thirteen millions, although he knew that in saying this he was encountering serious adversaries. He did not under-rate our export trade ; it was valuable but for a period of thirty-one years it had fallen off at the rate of six millions per annum ; and this could be shewn from Parliamentary documents. With respect to the petition now before the house, he mainly agreed with its statements, while at the same time he could never consent to any thing like a breach of faith with the public creditor.Mr W. Whitmore  heard with astonishment that our foreign trade had greatly diminished, the reverse being so notoriously the fact. Since 1814 there was certainly a fall in the value of our manufactures, but so there was in the raw material, and the vast increase of machinery should also be taken into account. It was said that our exports had declined, but facts would prove decidedly the reverse. From 1790 to 1799, the exports were L17,000,000 ; from 1800 to 1809, L,26,000,000; from 1810 to 1819, L36,000,000 ; from 1821 to 1826, L45,000,000 ; in 1827, L51,000,000 ; and in 1828 the amounts of exports rose to L52,000,000--So much for the alleged decrease of our export trade, as stated by the worthy Alderman, ( hear, hear, hear. ) In 1819[?] the currency was in the greatest state of depreciation ; but he begged pardon for having said so much, and he was induced to offer a word in order to counteract the danger which might arise if the statements of the worthy Alderman remained unanswered.Mr Sec. Peel  observed, that, whenever any change, however calculated to be ultimately beneficial, was made in the system of our currency, it must be attended in the first instance with considerable inconveniences. The more he considered the subject, the more was he convinced that the best interests of the nation required that we should strictly adhere to the law of our currency now established. ( Hear, hear. ) He hoped he should never see the time when the restrictions on cash payments should be renewed. When, however, the petitioners declared it to be expedient to increase the amount of our currency by an issue of paper, he would ask them what they would, in that case, do with the Exchanges? If the Exchanges fell, the gold would go out of the country. What would they do? They must renew the restriction on cash payments by the Bank. It was not any change in the value of the currency, but the prosperity of Manchester that had occasioned the depression in Spitalfields. In 1820, the number of factories in Manchester were fifty-four, and they were assessed at the annual value of L16,816 ; in 1823 they were 56, assessed at L18,293 ; in 1826, when the small notes bill passed, the numbers were 72, assessed at L24,034 ; in 1828, the year before the small notes bill took effect, the numbers were 73, and they were assessed at L25,245. The hon. gentleman opposite had said that no fresh capital had been employed in this trade, but that persons would work at a loss rather than let their machines stand idle. But if this were the case, it would not account for the erection of 12 new factories, the establishment of which was irreconcileable with the idea of general stagnation. With respect to the silk trade in Manchester, in 1823 there were 2500 looms, and in 1828 there were 8000 ; and there were between 3 and 4000 looms working manufactured articles of silk mixed with cotton. He had had a letter from Manchester, dated 1st of June, upon which he could rely, and it stated that all the silk weavers were, or might be, in active emply. For the last ten years at Manchester, machinery had improved in powers of production in the ratio of 10 per cent, per annum. Few persons had attributed enough to the importation of labourers from Ireland. A greater number of Irish labourers in the manufacturing districts were out of emply than people could imagine, and the Magistrates relieved them rather than pass them to their parishes, reflecting that as they had contributed to the prosperity ot the places, they had a right to relief when in distress. Where the passage was so low, and this country possessed the advantage of a legal provision for the poor, it was impossible to check the influx of Irish labourers, and this fact would suggest important alterations in the state of the law. ( Hear, hear. ) He felt convinced that any alterations with respect to the values of the currency would be attended with the greatest evils to every class.Mr  W. Horton  observed, that some honourable gentleman considered the distress of our artisans and manufacturers to arise from the state of the currency ; but he (Mr Horton) was at a loss to see how the redundant labour at Shipley could have been affected by the change of the currency. Another class were the antipodes of these--they imputed our distress to the corn laws. But it was idle to talk of altering the corn laws; we should look to practical remedies. As long as a redundancy of labour existed in England, which was aggravated by the condition of the Irish, who flocked to England, and operated a still further prejudice to the labouring class of this country, the distress would continue. The remedy which he proposed for the evil he had pointed out was emigration, in the manner proposed in the report of a committee of which he had the honour to be the chairman, by parishes advancing a sum of money to locate pauper labourers in our North American colonies. The right hon. gentleman then read opinions in approbation of his plan, from Mr Tooke, Mr Malthus, Colonel Torrens, and others, and observed that he had the opinion of the late Mr Ricardo to the same effect, in a lette which had been published. He then entered into a calculation, to show the saving to parishes by this plan, and he challenged any member of the house the show the fallacy of the calculations.--There was, however, an answer so easy, that it was constantly made--" The vacuum would be filled up immediately." This was a delicate subject to touch upon, for he knew not how the vacuum could be filled up but by the introduction of young gentlemen and ladies. ( A laugh.) But was it supposed that fifty labourers would be replaced immediately by fifty children? Or did these objectors suppose that labourers would be brought from Russia or elsewhere ? The right honourable gentleman then adverted to the remarks in Mr Sadler's work, wherein it was stated that is appeared from the official documents that the mortality amongst the emigrants to North America had been in the unprecedented proportion of 4 in 14, whereas, in Wales, the proportion was 1 in 69, and in England, 1 in 57. This, he would assert, was an incorrect statement. So far from the proportion being 1 in 14, it was only 1 in 40, the same proportion which existed in Carlisle, the healthiest place in England. The emigrants, it should be recollected, carried out children, and the mortality amongst children was in the proportion of 1 in 12, and in London much greater ; for it had been ascertained that out of 1,000 infants amongst the poor, only 542 survived the period of nursing. The right hon. gentleman concluded with reading his last resolution--" That it is expedient that such measures should be adopted in the next Session of Parliament as may furnish the most safe and effectual means of producing the desird improvement, by a judicious application of both these principles, and at the same time under conditions which will prevent the probability of a recurrence of similar evils, and also effect a material saving of the national income, instead of producing an increased charge thereon."Mr Huskisson  contended that colonization ought to be encouraged. Had it not been for emigration, this country could never have reached its present state of importance and prosperity, nor would our language have been extended to the United States, and been adopted in more distant countries. If there were one circumstance more striking than another, it was the prodigious increase of consumption, a proof of the growing wealth and resources of the country. In the year 1814, the exchange in trade was against us ; now it was in our favour. This country would carry on its great affairs with as small a portion of metallic currency as possible, but let them guard against a system which had led to depreciation of the currency, and the panic which was felt in 1825. He had heard somewhere a metaphor respecting paper currency. Like a skyrocket, it rose with splendour, but lost its brightness, and when its fire was extinguished it fell in darkness, like the shaft of the rocket, upon the heads of those who had raised it.Mr Secretary Peel  said, in consequence of the course of policy which he had deemed it advisable to adopt in the previous Session, a series of unfounded calumnies had been levelled at him, which, however, he had despised too much to condescend to notice. But there was one which, as it reflected on his public and official character, he would, with permission of the house, allude to on that occasion. The report to which he alluded was, that he had used his influence as Secretary of State to procure an enormous grant of land for a relative of his. ( Hear, hear, hear. ) In consequence of seeing this report in the public newspapers, he had requested his right honourable friend to move in that house, for the production of certain papers calculted to explain the whole matter. Those papers had in consequence been produced, and were now printed ; he trusted, however, that the house would excuse him for again alluding to the subject. ( Hear, hear, hear. ) He hoped that the consequence of those papers being printed would have been, that some member would have asked some questions on the subject ; but though this was not the case, he had received a communication which made him think that some one out of doors had been imposed upon by the calumny, though no member of that house had been so deceived, ( cheering.) He begged in the first place, to state most distinctly that he had procured no grant of land for any brother of his, ( hear ) A gentleman, whose name was the same as his, and who was his second cousin, had had a grant made him by his right hon. friend ; but in that grant he begged to state to the house, upon his word of honour, as a gentleman, he had had no participation whatever, ( hear.) With respect to the settlement on the Swan River, he was ashamed to say that he had neither heard nor knew of it, till he received a letter from his cousin, announcing to him that he had abandoned the idea of going to New South Wales ; and that from the circumstances of Mr Twiss informing him that government would be disposed to afford assistance to any settlers going to the Swan River, he and three other gentlemen had been induced to send in a proposal to that effect. With respect to the other calumnies which had been promulgated against him, they rather went to private matters, and he had therefore not condescended to notice them ; but as this one had reference to the public department in which he officiated, he had thought it so far a public concern, as to venture to ask the attention of the house while he trespassed on it to disclaim any participation in the grant that had been made, ( hear..Sir Geo. Murray--The house would probably think, after the statement of his right honourable friend, that it would be unnecessary for him to rise to address them, ( hear.) He was satisfied that the house knew that his right hon. friend was incapable of proposing anything that would come under the designation of what was vulgarly called a job, ( hear.)Adjournment.Mr Secretary Peel  gave notice that he should tomorrow move the adjournment of the house to that day week. The right hon. gentleman at the same time presented a petition from the Apothecaries Company of London, in favour, as we understood, of the bill regarding dissection.Mr Wilmot Horton  rose to propose the resolutions of wich he had given notic relative to the state of the labouring poor.The firt resolution having been put from the chair,The Chancellor  of the Exchequer  moved as an amendment that the order of the day be now read.Mr Bennett  opposed the resolutions.The amendement was agreed to without a division.Mr Labouchere  postponed until to-morrow his motion respecting Canada.Slave Trade.Mr Otway Cave  moved the following resolutions:"Resolved, 1st. That no human legislature has any lawful power to abridge or destroy the natural rights of life and liberty, unless the owner shall himself commit some criminal act that amounts to a forfeiture."2d, That although neither the government nor the legislature of the county have arrogated to themselves the power of destroying the natural rights of innocent British subjects, or of delegating any such power to other authorities, it is a notorious fact, that in many British Colonies lying remote from the immediate observation of the Government, innocent British born subjects are, from the time of their birth, robbed of their natural rights, and converted into slaves."3. That it is the especial duty of this House, as the Representatives of the people, to take effectual measures for protecting all British subjects that shall be born henceforward in the West Indian Colonies, from similar violations of their natural, inherent, and paramount rights as human beings."The motion being seconded by Mr Lumley,Mr W. Smith  said, he could not give his support to these resolutions, because they were connected with a question of too much importance to be agitated in such a manner, and at such a period of the Session.Mr Huskisson  was of opinion that resolutions of such a description as those brought forward by the hon. member, ought to be met by a direct negative.Strangers were then ordered to withdraw. The resolutions were declared to be negatived without a division.The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the house adjourned at half-past one o'clock.-----------------------------------------------------------------Swan River.--The fine ship Gilmore, purchased by Mr T. Peel, brother to the Secretary of State for the Home Department, proceeded down the river on Saturday, on her voyage to Swan River. The Gilmore quitted the St Catherine Docks in the course of Friday, having on board an excellent assortment of every requisite which may be required to form the new settlement. Mr Thomas Peel has had the Gilmore, which is of 500 tons burthen, under his own inspection, as well as the selection of the agricultural and other implements to convey to the Swan River. There were many passengers on board. Mr Peel and his family, it is understood will join the vessel at Plymouth. In the vessel there are also going out other settlers. The Hooghly, another ship of 500 tons burthen, chartered by the same individual, is not yet quite ready for her voyage. Among the valuables sent out to Swan River are some fine race-horses, intended for breeding in the settlement, from whence India will be supplied, should the settlement answer.--Sunday Times.-----------------------------------------------------------------London, Saturday,  August 15, 1829The King.--We are happy to learn from a private source of unquestionable authenticity, that the King has seldom, if ever, in his whole life, enjoyed better health than at the present moment. From the same quarter we have received a confirmation of what we mentioned some time back, that according to the present arrangements of the Court, it is certainly his Majesty's intetion to visit Brighton before the expiration of the year.--Brighton Gazette.The Revenne.--Ever since the beginning of the quarter, symptoms of progressive improvement have manifested themselves in the revenue. Of late they have assumed a more decided and promising character, and if the seven weeks that remain prove as productive as the first month has been, not only will thre be no falling off at the close, but a considerable increase may confidently be anticipated. We understand that the general return of duties paid at Custom-house in the port of London, for the month o July last, amounts to one million one hundred and ten thousand pounds. The returns from the out-ports have not all yet been received, but, on a fair calculation, it is supposed that they will amount to above one million sterling.--Courier.It is certainly true that Laurent made an offer of L8000 a year for Covent Garden ; but when asked to put his offer into writing, he withdrew, and nothing more has been heard of it.--Court Journal.The new musical entertainment forthcoming at the English Opera House, to be called The Spring Lock, is founded upon one of the fictions of an early Italian novelist (Lasca), the incidents of which almost include the romatic and eventful interest of the Arabian Nights' Entertainments. Peake is the accredited author--Keeley is to be the hero, and Wood the principal vocalist ; G. H. Rodwell is the composer.It is stated in a recent French paper, that during the last eight months not fewer than twenty political and literary journals have been started in the French provinces.It is stated in a French newspaper than an inhabitant of Lyon grafted upon the same stem red and white grapes, and peaches, and apricots, which all flowered at the same time, and gave ripe fruit with a few days of each other.A carriage, containing 60 persons, was this day seen to traverse Paris. It was drawn by six horses, merely by way of trial. This carriage and several similat ones are building in the square of St Salpier. They are to run between Paris and Lyons.--Paris Paper.Steam Navigation.--Information has reached the India House, that the East India Company's steamvessel Enterprise will leave Bombay on the 15th of November next, for Suez, where she may be expected to arrive early in December. Another steam-vessel is to leave Bombay for the same destination in January next. A communication by steam between this country and the Mediterrarean has already been opened, and might, we suppose, be easily extended to Egpyt. The expense of such a speculation would probably be amply compensated by the profit of conveying by so desirable a route passengers to and from the East Indies.His Majesy the King of Prussia has honoured Mr by presenting him with a splendid gold snuffbox, as a token of his Majesty's approbation of Belshazzar's Feast." the "Dalage."&c. Swan River.--That beautiful ship, the Gilmour, sailed on Monday evening for the Swan River. She has upwards of 200 passengers on board, the whole of whom are highly respectable, and many of them are in opulent circumstances. When Mr Peel came alongside (accompanied by Mr Soltau), just before the ship got under weigh, the passengers and crew gave him three cheers, and his reception altogether was of the most gratifying description. The property on board the Gilmore alone amounts to the more than L60,000. We understand also, that the Minstrel will call at this port in about a fortnight to take out other settlers on account of Mr Peel. We are informed that Government have increased Mr Peel's grant of land from 350,000 to 1,000,000 acres.--Plymouth Journal.Gurney's Steam Carriage.--Yesterday afternoon Mr Gurney's steam carriage was exhibited, at the request of the Duke of Wellington, in the Houslow Barrack yard, before his Grave, the Ladies Percy, Dance, and Murray ; Lords Fitzroy Somerset, Rosslyn, and Thomas Cecil ; Lieut. General Sir W. Gordon, QuarterMaster General ; Sir George Murray, Sir Charles Dance, and a large number of military and scientific gentlemen. His Grace, Sir W. Gordon, the Ladies Percy, &c. had a carriage attacked, and rode round the yard with the greatest pleasure and satisfaction. Afterwards a waggon was fastened to the steam carriage containing 27 soldiers besides Mr Gurney and two or three men on the engine, and though the road was very disadvantageous, being a rough loose sand and gravel, it drew them round without the least diminuition of its speed, between nine and ten miles an hour. In these experiments Mr Gurney applied his steam generally but to one wheel in order to give the company full proof of the power and practicability of the invention. Having satisfied them as to this, and as to its manageability, by a variety of involutions and evolutions, he gave them a specimen of its speed, and drove seven or eight times round at the rate of 16 or 17 miles an hour. It is difficult to say whether the company was more pleased or surprised at these unequivocal proofs of Mr Gurney's success. The Duke of Wellington observed that it was scarcely possible to calculate the benefits we should derive from the introduction of such an invention as this.The French papers of Tuesday state that the Emperor Nicholas was preparing to make a new levy at the rate of 4 upon every 500 male individuals, which would give about 160,000 fresh soldiers. He is said, however, to have deferred promulgating the ukase until he should have ascertained that the Porte had definitely rejected the terms of peace which he had proposed. On the other hand, we are told that the Sultan has rejected those terms, and that, notwithstanding the successes gained by the Russians, he was resolved to run all the chances of a desperate struggle rather than submit to conditions which he deemed insulting.The English Bench.--There are two vacancies at present on the judicial Bench ;--one occasioned by the death of Mr Baron Hullock ; the other by the more recent decease of Mr Charles Warren, Chief Justice of Chester, who expired at his house in Bedford Square, on Wednesday afternoon, in the 66th year of his age. Mr Campbell is spoken of as the successor of the former ; and the choise, we supposem will be generally deemed to be a proper one. With respect to the Chief Justiceship of Chester, an evening paer, the Sun, very properly recalls to public recollection the fact, that "the Commissioners on the Common Law had recommended in their report, the abolition of the Welsh judgeships altogether;" and adds an opinion, in which we perfectly coincide, tht " the present seems a fair opportunity for carrying the recommendation into effect." Indeed, in our mind, every opportunity is a fair one for reducing public expences, when public burdens are oppressive.Platina Coin.--We have seen a specimen of the new Russian platina coinage. The coin is about the size of a shilling, but heavier than a sovereign, and of three roubles value. On one side are the Russian eagle and imperial arms; on the other the value of the coin, and date--Globe.Ugly Wives Fittest for Poets.--The spouses of the living British poets are well known to be among the plainest of the sect, as Mr Slinslop  would say.--is wedded to the head of a gorgon, ---- is not much better off, ---- has eloped from his mate. We might run through the whole catalogue, without discovering a handsome woman, yet none have exceleed these writers in descriptions of female beauty. The truth is, that the contemplation of a bottle or peaked nose, a wide mouth, goggle eyes, and a spare body, causes an author to set out with more enthusiasm in search of the ideal of womanly perfections, and affords the widest scope to the imagination. Nothing impedes the fancy more domestic intercourse with a celestial shape and divine face ; in which case a fatal uxoriousness supersedes the poet's diligence, and he ceases impotently to describe what he can well enjoy. Milton's Eve was not copied from Mrs Milton grilling his dinner at the kitchen fire--but from some unattainable damsel of his fancy. Plurality of women is only allowed to a poet--one lawful, plain, household wife--and as many airy mistresses as he can embody.-----------------------------------------------------------------Swan River.--The ship Warrior, Stone, commander, bound to Swan River, Sydney, and the East Indies, sailed for her destination on Friday, from Portsmouth, with prospects of favourable weather in her progress down the Channel. The Warrior is a fine vessel of about 700 tons burden, and carried out upwards of 250 passengers to the new settlement. Several of the passengers are persons of independent fortune, who have embarked considerable property in the speculation ; and and two ofthem, named Byrne and Molloy, paid the enormous sum of L1,000 for the best accommodation the vessel could afford their families and suite. Six pianos are on board the Warrior, and a proportionate number of fair and accomplished vocalists and musicians of course accompany the instruments to their destination. The Warrior has also on board fifty dogs of the choicest breed, several pens of sheep, considerable number of swine, two milch cows, and three valuable horses ; but, as tempestuous weather may be anticipated on the vessel reaching the Bay of Biscay, apprehensions are entertained that a portion of the live cargo must be consigned to the ocean before the termination of the voyage. It is calculated that, from the advantageous arrangements entered into by the commander and a gentleman named Semple, who has chartered the Warrior, and gone out in her, they will clear the enormous sum of L10,000 by the voyage.-----------------------------------------------------------------The King's Health.It will be seen from our private letter, that unfavourable accounts respecting his Majesty's health were circulating in London at 7 o'clock on Wednesday evening. In our last we alluded to the suspicions which the non-appearance of bulletins for four days after the first, gave rise to. On Monday a second bulletin appeared, certainly not of a character to remove the public anxiety, and this has been followed by two days' silence. Every one naturally puts the question, "If his Majesty is better, why not state this in a bulletin, that the thousand discouraging rumours in circulation may be put to rest?" The Morning Chronicle says, that the high officers of State are not much better informed on the subject than others, and that a knowledge of his Majesty's real condition is confined to the very few immediately around his person. In the absence of correct information, inferences are drawn from every passing circumstance. It was observed that Sir Henry Halford very shortly after his return from Windsor on Tuesday morning had a long interview with the Duke of Wellington ; and it has not escaped notice, that his Majesty's sister, the Duchess of Gloucester, had been sent for to visit him. The Globe  says, that according to reports which are circulated in high quarters, his Majesty's illness excites considerable alarm, and that gout in the stomach is complicated with dropsical symptoms. What credit may be due to these statements, we cannot tell; but whether they be true or false, they furnish a reason for the publication of official intelligence. The King's health is a matter which concerns the public deeply, and all mystery and deception on the subject are most reprehensible. We refer to our London head for a variety of articles upon the subject ; and if this night's mail bring any additional information of importance we shall publish it in a secoond edition.The two Houses of Parliament meet again on Monday.We publish the address of the Birmingham Union to day, and meant to accompany it with some remarks, but have only time at present to express out regret that so masterly a paper, dealing in great and immutable principles, should have its value lessened by being so much mixed up with ephemeral matters, and with false or questionable doctrines respecting currency.The passion for emigrating to Swan River has not received any check. There are four ships now at London, and as many more at other ports, which are preparing to sail for the settlement with passengers. Indeed the numbers who are flying from the country at this moment who are, we believe, quite unprecedented. Within the last ten days we have seen notices of fifteen ships that were loading with emigrants at Hull, twelve at Waterford, and several at Bristol, Liverpool, and Greenock, all destined, we think, for the United States, or British America. The exportation of human beings from the British Isles, to different quarters of the world, must now be proceeding at the rate of one or two thousand per week.It will be remembered, that according to reports from India received some time ago, Lord William Bentick had issued an order, abolishing those horrid human sacrifices, the Suttees. Doubts were thrown upon this intelligence when the subject was lately talked of in Parliament ; but we are happy to say, that its accuracy is confirmed by the arrival of the official document. It is disgraceful to the British Indian Government, that it has been hitherto either so callous, that it overlooked this enormity, or so ignorant of its own resources, and the true state of the people under its authority, as to believe that it had not power to effect its abolition.The report of a revolution having taken place in Chili, is confirmed in letters from Bogota. The constitutional Director, Pinto, has been driven out of the capital by General Prieto with an armed force, and great excesses are said to have been committed.A small fleet sailed lately from Cadiz for Havannah, with 2000 soldiers on board. The expedition is supposed by some to be intended for the invasion of Mexico ; but it is more likely to find employment in keeping down the elements of insurrection in Cuba--The plot to which we alluded in our last, seems to have excited much alarm. Some of the most opulent families in the island, with several lawyers and official persons, were concerned in it. Their object was, as we conjectured, to convert the island into an independent republic.From a detailed list published in the French papers, it appears that the expedition against Algiers is to be composed of 34,000 men, infantry, cavalray, and artillery.Farther intelligence has been received from the capital of Colombia to the 14th of February. A warm address had been presented by the Congress to Bolivar, entreating him not to abandon the republic at a moment when its existence was menaced by conspiracies; and he seems to have once more consented to remain in office. Commissioners had been appointed to proceed to Valentia, and endeavour to accomodate the differences between the people of Venezuela and the central government, by peaceable means. If these failed it was determined to employ force. The Congress was in session at Bogota, and was proceeding to fulfil the object for which it had been assembled, by drawing up a new constitution. The bases are published, and though the present only an imperfect sketch of its plan, they disclose one or two features which seem to be characteristic. The government is to be central, as it has hitherto been, not federal  like that of the United States, which has served as a model to Mexico, Guatemala, and La Plata. In the one case the supreme authority is vested in a single legislature, which meets in the capital ; in the other it is divided among a number of local assemblies, while the general congress representing the whole, wields no other powers than what is necessary to hold the separate members in a state of union. The federal system, which leaves to every province the management of its own concerns, has advantages for a settled and enlightened community ; but whether it is equally adapted to the circumstances of an ignorant people newly escaped from political convulsions, is very questionable. There seems, however, to be a partiality for the federal system in the new world ; and to humour this feeling, the new constitution provides, that "Chambers of Districts" shall be established, with powers to decide on all municipal and local affairs. The difficulty will be, to give these bodies the powers necessary to develope the industry and resources of the country, without permitting them to impose taxes, and exercise other legislative functions, which will interfere with the business of the general government. Another articl state, that the members of the Senate and House of Representatives are to hold their seats for a considerable time, in order " to avoid the inconveniences resulting from frequent changes, or the repeated election of the same person." In the mouth of an English statesman, we should consider this vile sophistry ; but allowance must be made for the res dur? novitas regni, in a new state like Colombia, formed of heterogenous elements, among which it is not easy to establish any principle of cohesion. One the same grouns, the Columbian legislators may be pardoned for resolving that the Catholic religion is that of the state, and that no other shall be permitted. This is merely a concescession for the sake of peace, to prejudice which the government is not strong enough to subdue, and cannot defy without great danger. Nothing is said about the mode of election, or the power of the President, two points of vital consequence, which may give a new complexion to the whole scheme. We have made these remarks on the proposed constitution, because it probably holds out the last chance of composing the trouble of Columbia. If it does not satisfy the people other provinces will soon follow the example of Venezuela, and all the address and influence of Bolivar will not prevent the republic from splitting into four or five independent communities, whose mutual jealousness and wars will crush the librties, and destroy the prosperity of the whole.Private Correspondence. London, Wednesday Evening. The King's HealthWe are sorry to state that the private accounts received from Windsor this afternoon, do not speak so favourably of his Majesty's health as the Court Circular, and most of the assertions of the papers published this afternoon. There having, however, been no bulletin issued up to the present hour (7 o'clock) must-----------------------------------------------------------------Swan River Settlement.--On the 13th inst. the Swedish ship Sterling, Captain D. E. Hogan, with a Swedish crew, sailedfrom Gottenburgh, Sept. 22, for the settlement in Swan River. Among the cargo are eleven wooden houses, built here, and consisting of four to ten rooms, which have been taken to pieces and will be easily put up again, all the pieces being marked. It is probable that many similar cargoes will follow, as timber and labour are so cheap in this country.-----------------------------------------------------------------Messrs Marshall have made a most interesting addition to their beautiful Panorama of Botany Bay, Algiers, &c. of several Views illustrative of the principal events of the late Revolution in Paris, and from the brilliant and effective style in which they are got up, must draw the attention of the Public in no ordinary manner.-----------------------------------------------------------------The Wool Trade.--London, Thursday Night.--This afternoon the first sale of wools for a long time past took place at Garraway's Coffee-house. The quantity announced for sale to-day was nearly 200 bales, consisting of about 100 bales of New South Wales wool, 50 bales of Van Dieman's Land wools, &c. The New South Wales wool was first put up and went off very briskly at prices averaging from 1s 4 1/2d to 1s 10d per lb., which quotations are higher than those last obtained. The Van Dieman's Land wools were sold by order of the Van Dieman's Land Company, being a portion of the last arrivals from the Company's flocks. They met a very ready sale, and the average prices obtained were from 1s 5d to 2s 1d per lb. The arrivals from Germany and other places this year are expected to be very great.-----------------------------------------------------------------The brig Stirling Castle, Captain Fraser, sailed from Greenock on Wednesday morning, for Sidney, New South Wales, having on board the Rev. J. D. Lang, minister of the Scots Church, in Sydney, and two other Presbyterian Ministers ordained to new stations in that colony ; also three Professors, intended for which a liberal Government grant has been obtained. There are also on board above 40 respectable mechanics with their families, consisting chiefly of joiners, masons, and others required for the building of the College, and a good many of whom are fromthis town, making the number of passengers in all about 140, of whom above 20 and cabin passengers.-----------------------------------------------------------------THE EQUALITY OF SEXES.--The Examiner  of Saturday las has some witty remarks on the plaint which appeared in our paper on the excess of females over males in the census, which he assures us is entirely owing to the lives of females being prolonged by their better regularity. This is a sly censure upon the habit of our countrymen, one-fifth, or sixth part of whom we were supposed by implication to be cut off permanently by intemperance! We admit that a few hearty fellows do go off in apoplexy; but we deny that the number bears any proportion to the amount supposed; we have two other remarks to make on his statement. First, since our manners were corrupted by imitating English  fashions, it is whispered, we hope un, that there are such things as tippling women in country, some of whom do disappear suddenly--no matter how; and secondly, we wish our London friend inform us how it happens, that while all Broad England has only an excess of 11 1/2 per cent females, Edinburgh should have no less than 24! We understand that since this astounding fact was brought out, there has been a great efflux of ladies from the city to the adjoining counties. We know a number who have or are flying to Fife and the north. A friend, who careful observer, compares it to the dispersion of the Jews. The ladies, he says, attribute their flight to Cholera Maribus!-----------------------------------------------------------------The Ann Jameson, Alexander, sailed from Leith Roads on Tuesday morning for Bombay, Van Diemen's Land, and New South Wales, with a full cargo, between twenty and thirty passengers, consisting mostly of young ladies.-----------------------------------------------------------------The Machine Breakers.--A convict ship at Portsmouth is on the point of sailing for Van Diemen's Land, with between two and three hundred convicts on board, who have been lately convicted for machinebreaking, extorting money, and other offences committed in the disturbed counties. Another ship, with convicts of the same description, will be dispatched for New South Wales, in about a fortnight. These convicts have been kept entirely separate from all other prisoners, and an accurate report will be made to the Governors of the Colonies, as to their former character, their trades and employments, and the recommendations which have been made in their favour subsequently to their trials. The capital convicts whose lives have been spared, are to be transported for life; and the convicts, sentenced and recommended by the Judges for transportation, are to be transported according to their respective sentences.-----------------------------------------------------------------LeithExtensive preparations are already begun amongst e[?] shipping, for the various Spring voyages to distant ports[?]. Six vessels are advertised for America, one for Van Dieman's Land and New South Wales, and the whalers[?] are unfurling their canvass, and will sail for the [?] regions on Monday or Tuesday first. The departure of these ships will give the docks a naked appearance, the more apparent from the few foreign vessels present here.-----------------------------------------------------------------Mr Hume  differed from the view taken of the subject by the right hon. baronet. He was of opinion that it was the duty of Government to give commutation allowance to pensioners anxious to emigrate either to New South Wales or to Canada. He could not forebear complaining of the large increase of pensions which had taken place since the year 1814. It was impossible to doubt that much misconduct had existed somewhere.-----------------------------------------------------------------The Penal Colonies.Botany Bay serves as a recipient for criminals whose reformation is hopeless, and whom it is therefore desirable to remove from the Society to whose peace and security they are sworn enemies. This is the sole value of the colony. If it did not exist, recourse would be had more frequently to perpetual imprisonment and the gibbet. Experience shews, however, that transportation does not produce the intended effect of terrifying the guilty. Its monitory operation depends greatly on the situation of the criminal. "Agricultural labourers with families dread it extremely, while to single men, mechanics who are sure of receiving high wages, and generally to all those who feel a desire of change, and a vague expectation of pushing their fortunes, it appears to hold out no terrors whatever." In the colony there is a competition among settlers to obtain convinct servants, and those who get them, endeavour, from a regard to their own interest to render the situation of the convicts as little irksome as possible. The evidence proves, that when the feeling degradation is once overcome, the situation of the Australian convict "is, in many respects, preferable to that of the agricultural labourer in this country :" He has better clothing, more abundant food, and enjoys a finer climate. The hardship, too, of compulsory labour is but for a limited time. The convict who is transported for 7 years, is allowed a Ticket of Leave, at the end of 8years. Once possessed of this ticket he is allowed to work on his own account, and with high wages, easily acquires capital. The committee see little chance of rendering punishment effective in the colony. They recommend various subordinate regulations, and among others, they suggest as a remedy for the great expense attending transportation, that no convict be assigned to a settler until he shall have paid, or given security for the payment by instalments, of the expense incurred in the conveyance of the convict from the mother country.We are satisfied that the true check to the increase of crime is to be found, first, in the diffusion of education and sound knowledge ; and, second, in the improvement of our judicial and municipal institutions. Law, in all its important branches, should be dispensed by paid and responsible persons. A judge ought to be stationed in each small district, and keep open court every day of the year. He should be chosen by some popular constituency, which would faithfully represent the feelings of the mass of suitors; and as a guarantee for his diligence, he should hold his office only for seven years, and be re-eligible. Justices of Peace, if retained at all, should be elected as in most of the American states, by the householders for three, four, or seven years. Jails also, should be placed under the controul of popular bodies, and thrown open to the improving efforts of private benevolence. In this, as in other points, we have much to learn from the Americans, who never forget that the criminal is still a man. The grand defect in our legislation has been, that the rich made laws for the poor, of whose situation they had scarcely any knowledge, and with whose feelings, wants, and moral condition, they had of course no sympathy. The unpaid Magistracy of Britain is a barbarism belonging to the tenth century. Thirty years hence men will wonder how their forefathers tolerated so monstrous a system.-----------------------------------------------------------------TradeWool--The accounts received in Lond from New South Wales to the 8th of January, state that the produce of the last year's clip of wool in Australia will be greatest than that of the preceding year, and the the quality has also considerably improved. From Van Dieman's Land it is now ascertained that the supply this year will be short, but the general quality is very superior. In the course of about a week or ten days, large arrivals of wool are looked for from New South Wales and the private contract business is expected to be very active. The public sales of wools went off on Friday very well, and at full prices. The arrivals of this week have consisted of about 708 bales, of which about 292 bales were Van Dieman's Land wools, and the rest German. There is a steady demand, and as it is understood that the manufacturers are short of stock, the anticipations are that trade will son be greatly improved.York Wool Market, May  23.--The market commenced here for this season this day, with only a small show of wool, and not many buyers. The holders asking very high prices caused part to be left unsold. The following are the prices ; Hogs from 18s to 19s ; Hogs and Ewes 16s 6d to 17s 6d ; Locks 11s to 12s, 6d per stone of 16lbs.Bradford Market--The supply of Merinos in the markets on Thursday evening, was by no means equal to the demand--all qualities in six quarter wide Merinoes were eagerly bought up, and in some instances a farther advance was obtained ; three quarter wide Merinoes run much in demand, but a very scanty supply ; the advance on six quarter wide Merinoes is from 4s to 6s per piece, compared with what was given at the beginning of the year, and three quarter wide are proportionably higher. Unless a reduction takes place in the price of wool, the manufacturers state they must have a further advance.Rochdale Flannel Market.--The market today was very lively for this season of the yar ; low goods both for white and for dyeing were of very ready sale, and in some instances a little advance was obtained ; several sales were effected in fine qualities, and if the demand proves permanent, the prospect for the coming season is very promising.Liverpool Cotton Market.--There has been but a limited inquiry for cotton during the week ; the sales are only about 10,000 bugs, at declining prices.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--Within these few days, other three vessels left Leith for America and Australia with emigrants. The Marjory, Stocks, sailed on Friday for Quebec and Montreal, with about 30 passengers ; and the Economist, Slocombe, on Sunday for Piciou and Quebec, with about 70. The Scotis, Watson, also sailed on Sunday for Van Diemen's Land, &c. with about 40 passengers.-----------------------------------------------------------------We have received Sydney papers to the 26th Feb., They contain reports of themost satisfactory nature as to the harvest at the Swan River Settlement; the promise of abundance had been fully realized, and the result is that the settlers have obtained from their own land five months' consumption of agricultural produce; thus affording well founded hopes that in two or three years they will be independent of foreign supply.--Globe.-----------------------------------------------------------------On Tuesday thirty-one male convicts were embarked at Leith for the hulks in the Thames, preparatory to their transhipment for New South Wales, except those in whose cases a commutation of punishment may take place.-----------------------------------------------------------------Edward Thorpe, a young lad, was remitted to the Sheriff, for having, broken into the New Market at Stocksbridge, and stolen a quantity of meat and other articles. He pled guilty; and we understand he has stated that he is anxious to get a free passage to New South Wales, as he is tired of living in this country.-----------------------------------------------------------------The Wool Trade.--The whole of the London public sales of Colonial and other woold having now been gone through, the wool trade is in a more settled state, and transactions by private contract are conducted on a more extensive scale. The total amount of the late sales, the last of which took place on Tuesday, was 4,000 bales, and the colonial wools were taken by the manufactures at the extreme advance realized at the previous sales in July. In some cases, indeed, quotations from 2d to 3d per lb. in advance were obtained. The sales on Saturday was most fully attended, and increased boldness was observed. The colonial wools offered on that day fetched excellent prices. Some few bales were also offered, forming a part of the second clip of wools in the new colony on the Swan River. They were much better in quality than those last received. Some German lambs' wool also commanded attention, and sold as high as 3s 10d to 4s per lb. The sale on Tuesday (the last of the series,) was not quite so fully attended as those of last wekk, but, according to quality, full prices were obtained. The sale consisted of 437 bales New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land wool, 96 bales of Portugal wool, 54 Spanish, and 72 bales of Cape, German, Russian, and other wools. The best fleece of Amsterdam offered fetched 2s 10d to 3s 2d, and seconds 2s 3d to 2s 7 1/2d per lb ; the best Portugal 1s 2d to 1s 11d ; the best Spanish 2s 5d to 2s 8d ; the best Cape 1s 4d to 1s 8d ; the best Van Diemen's Land 1s 8d to 1s 10d ; and the best German 2s to 2s 3d per lb. The result of these sales is to establish a much firmer market for wools of all descriptions than previously existed. The arrivals of wool are limited, and this week only 575 bales of German wool, and abotu 375 bales of Neapolitan wool have been entered at the custom house.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.The returns to the House of Commons, on the motion of Mr Stewart Mackenzie, relative to emigration, contain some curious and important information. The returns are three in number.1. Return of the number of person who have emigrated from Great Britain and Ireland to the British colonies and to the United States of America, in each year from 1827 to the 31st of December 1832 ; distinguishing the ports from which they have sailed, and the countries to which such emigration took place.Of this return the following is the result:--1827. 1828. 1829. 1830. 1831. 1832. To the British Colonies in America,. 12,646 12,081 13,307 30,574 59,067 66,339 To the Cape of Good Hope,. 114 135 197 201 114 196 To the Australian Colonies, 715 1,056 2,010 1,242 1,561 3,733 To the United States, 14,526 12,817 15,678 24,887 23,418 32,872 Total, 28,003 26,092 31,198 56,907 83,160 103,4102. Return of the number of families who emigrated to New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land since the formation of the Board of Emigration up to the present time, having received loans from Government to enable them to emigrate ; specifying, first, the colony to which such emigration took place ; second, the number of persons in each family ; third the amount of assistance granted. To New South Wales, the number of families is 397, of persons 1,538, amount of money expended t7,831. To Van Dieman's Land--number of families, 422 ; of persons 1,571 ; amount of money expended, t8406.3. Return of the number of young unmarried females, not forming part of the above return, who have emigrated to New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land, during the same time, having accepted assistance by way of loan from Government ; specifying, first, the colony to which such emigration took place ; second, the amount of assistance granted :--To New South Wales--number of females, 761 ; amount of money granted to them, t9,812. To Van Dieman's Land --number of females, 509 ; amount of money granted to them, t7,114.-----------------------------------------------------------------EmigrationT he subject of emigration is rising in importance from year to year, and cannot lose its interest as long as much misery or much discontent exists among our working classes. Upper Canada, the great recipient of our surplus population, is 4000 miles from Britain, a distance which looks extremely formidable ; but such is the amazing economy of water carriage, when seconded by good arrangements, that the voyage by sea to Montreal can be made at as small expense as the journey by land to Manchester ! The passage money from Dublin to Montreal or Quebec (exclusive of food) has been as low as 30s ; and it would not be higher probably from Leith or Greenock, if the emigrants were in sufficient numbers, and so prompt in their arrangements, that the vessel lost no time beyond what was strictly necessary for taking her full compliment aboard. If the ship is detained a month before this is got, the owners must, of course, be indemnified for the detention by a higher fare. Four stone of oatmeal, with a little ham or salt fish for variety, will subsist a man or woman on the voyage ; and thus a human being can be conveyed over a distance equal to one-sixth part of the circumference of the globe, and six times longer, we dare say, than the wanderings of Ulysses, at the small coast of 45s !In an article in May 1832, we pointed out the rapid strides with which emigration was advancing ; and some Parliamentary papers we have received since, exhibit new proofs of its extraordinary progress. It has, in fact, outstripped the expectations of the most sanguine.The following table shows the number of person who have emigrated in the last eight years to North America, the Cape, and Australia :--British America. United States. Cape of G. Hope. Australia. Total. 1825 8,714 5,551 114 485 14,891 1826 12,818 7,063 116 903 20,900 1827 12, 14,526 114 715 28,003 1828 12,084 12,817 135 1,056 26,092 1829 13,307 15,678 197 2,916 31,198 1830 30,574 24,887 204 1,242 56,907 1831 58,067 23,418 11 1,561 83,160 1832 66,339 32,872 196 3,733 103,140It will be seen from this table how steady the increase of emigration has been, especially to Canada. It must be observed, that a great proportion, probably more than a half of those who sailed for the United States, were destined for the British colonies, and only chose that route as the most eligible, on account of the facilities which the Hudson and its associated canals present for travelling to the upper province. Canada and Nova Scotia must have drawn at least 80,000 settlers from Britain last year ; and yet, such are the capacities of these colonies for absorbing population, that the price of labour was not lowered in the least degree ; and from the previous arrangements made, it is announced that a much larger number of persons could have been received without inconvenience ! Sanguine as we were upon the subject, we did not anticipate that emigration could be conducted on such a scale, with the extraordinary ease, certainty, and economy now exemplified. Those who reflect on the distress and perplexity which would be produced by landing the sixth-part  of eighty thousand strangers on the shores of Britain in one summer, will appreciate the extremely dissimilar condition of a colony which, with less than a million inhabitants, can take in eighty-thousand new settlers in the same period without embarassment or confusion.The general result is, that Britain sent off 103,000 souls from her population last year, of whom a[?] number sailed 7000 miles, a number 14,000, and those who made the shortest voyage, 4000 miles. The annals of emigration afford nothing approaching to this in any part of the world ; and yet we may reasonably expect to see still greater things atcheived.It appears from the various census since 1801, that the annual increase in Britain, if no persons left it, would be about 350,000; or we may place the fact in a more striking light by stating, that there are about a thousand persons more in the three kingdoms every day than there was on the day before. If by raising the habits and ideas of the labouring classes, we could get this daily increase reduced one half, and the other half could be carried off by emigration--if we could by this means keep the supply of labour stationary while capital was increasing, a great improvement would be effected in the state of the population. Now from what has been stated it appears that the emigrants who leave our shores annually amount to nearly onethird of the annual excess already ; and in a year or two there is every probability that it will amount to one-half.Of 51,200 emigrants who landed at Quebec and Montreal last year, 17,500 went from England, 28,200 from Ireland, and 5,500 from Scotland. In the year 1831, the numbers were, from England 10,300, Ireland 34,100, Scotland 5,300.Of the emigrants from Scotland last year, 1716 sailed from Greenock, 1145 from Leith, 638 from Cromarty, 478 from Aberdeen, 439 from Dundee, 231 from Alloa, 181 from Islay, 175 from Anna, 160 from Glasgow, 112 from Leven, 110 from Campbeltown, and numbers under 100 from Stanraer, Peterhead, and Irvine.Of the emigrants to the United States last year 15,754 sailed from Liverpool, 5,546 from London 2,742 from Bristol, 2,613 from Londonderry, and 1,711 from Greenock.Mr Buchanan, the Government agent at Quebec, states in his Report, that "the general description of emigrants who arrived last year ; many respectable and wealthy families came from all part of the united kingdom ; and the extent of property and specie brought into the country by them is exceedingly great, fully amounting to from t600,000 to t700,000 sterling." About 5000 persons were sent out by pecuniary aid from parishes or landlords ; and there were 1700 "commuted pensioners" (military, we believe), many of them men of irregular habits, and ill fitted for the situation of settlers. Of these, about 100 returned to Britain. The fear of cholera was a considerable check to emigration. It appeared in Quebec on the 8th of June, and the persons who arrived after that, suffered much from the difficulty of procuring lodgings even for a day ; but Mr Buchanan estimates the whole number of emigrants who fell victims to the disease, at no more than"The demand for all classes of working people (says the Report,) has never been exceeded in the Canadas, particularly since the abatement of the cholera, and I can assure your Lordship that, during my late tour through the districts and settlements of Upper Canada, I did not see an industrious emigrant who could not meet with emplyment. The number of that class arrived this year is not adequate to supply the demand created by the more wealthy emigrants. This was particularly felt in the Western and London districts of the upper province, where the want of labourers was so great that it was found necessary to encourage a number to come over from Ohio and Pennsylvania." This was written on the 12th Dec. 1832, and the arrival of emigrants closed in October.-----------------------------------------------------------------Another cargo of females is now shipping on board the Ann, Captain Herd, in the London Docks, for Sydney. These ladies are going out in serarch of husbands, and to supply the lamentable scarcity of the fair sex in our Australian dominions. There is a bounty of t8 given by government towards defraying the expenses of the voyage ; and the ladies must be between 15 and 30, with good characters and sound constitutions. Ass servants they are much wanting among the respectable inhabitants of Sydney and the other towns in the colony.Emigration.--The governors of the Refuge for the Destitute, in the Hackney Road, have announced that it is their intention to send out a ship to New South Wales in the ensuing spring with 500 unmarried women or widows, between the ages of 18 and 30 years, as emigrants to New South Wales. It is intended to place the emigrants in divers situations, and leave them free and not bound to an employer.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--The governors of the Refuge for the Destitute, in the Hackney Road, have announced that it is their intention to send out a ship to New South Wales in the ensuing spring with 500 unmarried women or widows between the age of 18 and 30 years, as emigrants to New South Wales. It is intended to place the emigrants in divers situations, and leave them free and not bound to an employer.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration to New South Wales and Van Diemen's LandThe following document has just been issued from the Colonial Office:--Downing street, April 6, 1834. Numerous applicants have been received from persons desirous of emigrating to New South Wales or Van Dieman's Land, who, after stating their inability to defray the whole charge of their conveyance, solicit aid for that purpose, on condition of repaying the same out of their earnings in the colony where they propose to settle. His Majesty's government has sanctioned the appropriate of a limited sum out of the colonial revenues of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, to assist the private funds of such emigrants as may appear likely to earn the means of repayig that aid, and to become useful settlers. The following are the regulations under which this induglence will be dispensed:--No advance will be made except to young and married agricultural labourers, who intend taking their wives and families with them : and a strict inquiry will be instituted into their character and habits of industry, before the assistance they solicit will be granted to them.No one family will be allowed an advance exceeding t20; and it will be useful therefore for parties, who may not possess the remainder of the sum requisite for defraying the expense of their passage, to apply for assistance.Every person desirous of receiving the proposed advance must fill up, and send back to the Under Secretary of State for the Colonial Department, the return hereto annexed. If the information contained in this return, and the answers to the inquiries which may be addressed to the parties who certify the correctness of the return, shall be considered satisfactory, the applicant will receive notice to that effect. He may then proceed to make his agreement with the owners or masters of ships proceeding to New South Wales or Van Diemen's land, and as soon as any ship-owner or master shall notify (in a form which will be provided for that purpose) that the emigrant has taken the other necessary steps for engaging his passage, and order will be granted for the payment in the colony, of t20 to the agent or master of the vessel in which this emigrant may arrive. The emigrant will of course be able to[?] ob-[?] tain a corresponding deduction from the amount[?] [?] paid by himself in this country.The order for payment will be entrusted [?] ter of the vessel in which the emigrants to pro[?] and will consist of a sealed dispatch to the governor, containing the name and description of the party on whose account the money is to be paid, and encolosing a promissory note, which he will be required to sign in acknowledgement of his debt ; which note must be witnessed by the captain and chief mate of the vessel. But arrangements will be made, by which the payment of this order will not take place in the colony until the captain shall have produced the parties, on whose account it is to be made, before the officer appointed for that purpose, and they shall have entered into a fresh obligation for the repayment of the advance made to them. For it is the intention of his Majesty's Government, and cannot be too clearly understoof by all persons who may accept this loan, that repayments of the debt (in such proportions and at such intervals as may not be unsuitable to the circumstances of each emigrant) shall be strictly enforced, by means of the ample powers which the laws of the colony render available for that purpose.Government agents for emigration have been appointed at Liverpool, Bristol, Dublin, Cork, Limerick, Belfast, and Greenock, who have been instructed to afford gratuitous information to all persons applying to them as to the best means of carrying their schemes of emigration into effect. Parties, therefore, who may reside in the neighbourhood of these agents are requested to apply to them either personally (or if by letter post paid) for information on this subject.All application for the assistance of government must be made by letter only, addressed to R. W. Hay, Esq. Under Secretary of State, London ; and should the number of applications be greater than the funds at their disposal will enable them to comply with, priority of date will form the rule of selection among applications in which there shall appear no other groun of distinction. W. R. Hay.-----------------------------------------------------------------The ship, Numa, Captain Day, sailed from Leith road, yesterday forenoon with a full cargo of goods, and 37 passengers, for Van Diemen's Land and New South Wales.-----------------------------------------------------------------We understand, from good authority, that Government has decided upon sanctioning the foundation of a new colony on the coast of South Australia. The plan on which this undertaking is to be conducted is explained in a work entitled "England and America." This first act of Mr Stanley's successor is an earnest of his becoming a most valuable Minister for the colonies of this country.-----------------------------------------------------------------A highly respectable and very numerous meeting is holding this Exeter-hall, on the subject of the new Colony in Australia, the establishment of which has recently received the sanction of the Government.-----------------------------------------------------------------Australian Emigration Bill.--Mr W. Whitmore brough in a bill for establishing a colony in Southern Australia. The bill was read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time on Wednesday next.-----------------------------------------------------------------South Australian Emigration Association.A meeting of the members of the South Australian Association was held on Monday, at Exeter Hall, "for the purpose of explaining the principles, objects, plan, and prospects of a new colony," proposed to be founded in South Australia. Mr W. Whitmore in the chair.Upon taking the chair, Mr Whitmore stated, that the first question which the meeting would have to consider would be this--whether there existed or not at present any necessity for a more extended system of colonization. It appeared to him that there was a great defect in our present system of colonication, and that it would be greatly to our advantage if we established it upon a new principle, well and seriously considered. That which struck him as the greatest defect was, that we did not provided that colonization which included within it members of all classes of society. Large numbers of emigrants went out with capital, but not carrying with them that number of the lower class which was necessary to employ their capital to advantage. In other cases, perhaps almost as numerous, the labourer went out without capital which was necessry to enable him to employ his labour to advantage. This was a striking defect. Now the question which they were then called upon to consider, regarded the best means of remedying that defect. Those means, it appeared to him, were quite practicable, and might be accomplished in this manner, vz. by establishing as a system that all the waste lands which they were about to colonize should be sold at a given price, such as the market would command, and that the proceeds of such sales should be employed in sending out to the colonies a sufficient number of labourers to cultivate the lands so sold. If this system could be carried into effect, he apprehended that all the evils of our present system of colonization would be removed, and that we should be enabled to transplant a portion of the community of the mother country with all its various grades into the new country which they now proposed to coloniz. He believed that if we proceeded upon this principle, we should lay the foundation of the greatest colony which England had ever settled.Mr Grote, M.P., moved the first resolution,--"That the wealth and prosperity of this country have been greatly promoted by the establishment of British colonies in various parts of the world, and that colonization, when conducted systematically and upon sound principles, offers the means of extending indefinitely the commercial empire of the united kingdom, and the field of employment for British capital and labour." He would not enter into the recommendations which this undertaking offered to all classes of the community ; but he would venture to state, that to any gentleman who considered the prospectus which had been put out by the association, and who recollected that it was a matter of certainty that the land in the colony was to be used as the means of raising a fund to carry over thither the labour, which was superabundant here, it must be evident that from this important innovation on our colonial system great benefit must be derived[?] both to the new colony and to the mother country.Mr Clay, M.P., in seocnding the resolution, entered at great length into the difficulty of finding employment, which now prevails in all parts of the community, and then, after condemning the corn laws, continued thus--Colonization, if carried on to a considerable extent, would as effectually add millions of fertile acres to our shores as if the Irish sea were filled up with fertile land. If that miracle took place is it not clear that all distress would immediately cease, and that the emplyment which the addition of so many fertile acres would afford must give a new stimulus to the prosperity of the country ? Is it not clear that the miserable compotation[?] for potato-gardens in Ireland would cease, and that the difficulties flowing from an unemployed population would cease ? Does any man doubt that it would be well worth the while of our capitalists to take such land at from 10s to 20s an acre. (Hear.) Yet this plan is in effect the same as if the land were added to our own island, because, if this plan of colonization be adopted, a transplantation of a sufficiency of labourers, now wanting employment, from this country, for its culture, will take place, which is equivalent to the transportation of the land to the labourer. In point of fact, the ocean joins these distant lands, instead of separating them. (Hear.)--There can be no doubt but that a wider comercial code, and the removal of restrictions on labour, would greatly facilitate, extend, and increase the commercial intercourse between the old nation of the world ; but in no case would the increase be in proportion to that which might be calculated on, as the consequence of a connection with newly-formed countries in other climates. As regards the establishment of colonies, it is virtually an extension of the mother country.Colonel Torrens, M.P., proposed the second resolution--"That in establishing colonies, great care ought to be taken to combine labour and capital with land, in such proportions as are best calculated to insure the prosperity of all classes of society, and that, in establishing modern colonies, this important consideration has been so generally overlooked." It was, he said, almost unnecessary for him to state that in all systems of colonization, land, labour, and capital, ought to be combinedin just proportions ; and yet this simple principle had been hitherto greatly neglected by those who had led new colonies from the mother country. In the first place, the whole of the land of this colony was to be public land. No individual was to obtain a single acre by gift. There was to be no patronage, no job--all were to be on a footing of equality, and nobody was to have a single inch of land for nothing. There would also be another advantage in this system, which would arise in the following :--In other colonies, the labourer who had gone out and found that he could get land for nothing, had often fallen into the mistake that land was wealth, instead of it being merely the means of producing wealth. That fatal mistake had often led him to refuse the work of the master with whom he had gone out, and set up for himself as an independent landowner. He had in consequence set up, where he was far away from the market of the colony, where he had no roads over which to convey his produce, and where he had perished miserably. But in this colony the labourers would be compelled for some time to work for hire.Mr Guest, M.P. seconded the resolution.Mr Hutt, M.P. moved the third resolution to the following effect:--"That in order to promote the greatest prosperity of a new colony, it is expedient that all waste land, without any exception, shall be declared public land, and be disposed of to individuals by sale only, and according to an uniform, impartial, and permanent system."Captain Gowan seconded the resolution, and spoke in the highest terms of the salubrity of the climate of Australia. Many of his fellow soldiers in India had gone there for the recovery of their health, and had found something so temperate and soothing in the country, that they had retired there altogeher, preferring its mild and gentle breeze to the chills of their native country, England.Mr P. Scrope, M.P. moved "That it is also desirable that the whole of the purchase money of public land, without any deduction, should be employed in providing a free passage from the mother country to the colony, of young adult persons of the labouring class, who may be willing to emigrate, and in equal proportion of both sexes." As the want of labour was the great difficulty in all infant colonies, the more labour they imported, the greater labour did they give their land ; the more they got for the sale of it, the greater was their power of importing fresh labour. This resolution, therefore, acted in a reciprocal manner upon itself, and when it was once fairly put into operation they would proceed onwards on the road to prosperity with accelerated velocity, meeting with no other obstacle than the unwillingness of England to part with her inhabitants.Mr Wilks, M.P. seconded the resolution.Mr Handson moved --"That amongst the unoccupied portions of the earth which form part of the British dominions, the south coast of Australia appears to be a sport peculiarly suitable for founding a colony upon the principles embodied in the preceding resolutions." The place where this colony was to be founded was one distinguished from every other part of Australia, from its possessing a facility of internal communications prior even to the formation of roads, and the soil would amply repay the labour expended on its cultivation.Mr Robert Owen (not of Lanark) said that the coasts of this colony abounded with whales, and that its whale fisheries might become valuable.Mr M. D. Hill rose to propose the resolution embodying the mode of carrying the principles of this association into effect. No colony could go on without some law. He did not care how little they had of it, provided they made up in quality what was deficient in quantity. The hon. member entered into an elaborate description of the laws intended to be enacted for the colony, and concluded by moving--"That the provisions for the peace, order, and good government of the British Province of South Australia, as contained in the bill now before Parliament, are highly satisfactory."Mr D. Wakefield seconded the resolution.Sir W. Molesworth, M.P. proposed, and Mr Childers, M.P., seconded the following resolution :--"That it is the opinion of this meeting that the thanks of the country are due to Mr Spring Rice for his prompt and enlightened conduct in promoting the beneficial public object of the South Australian Association."The resolutions were carried unanimously. Thanks were given to the Chairman, and the meeting, at which many ladies were present, broke up. The proceedings lasted from twelve o'clock to a quarter before five.-----------------------------------------------------------------House of Commons.--July 28 (Continued from our last.)A message from the Lords announced that their Lordships had agreed to the Amendments to the Ministers Appointment (Scotland) bill ; to the Newspaper Postage bill ; and to the Orkney Statute Labour bill.Affairs of OudeOn the order of the day for the third reading of the Universities' Admission bill being moved--Mr Herriks[?]  took the occasion of calling on Government to explain the circumstances which had occurred in certain transactions between the Board of Controul and the East India directors. These transactions, the hon. gentleman stated, to be the repeated peremptory commands of the Board of Controul to the Directors of the East India Company to prepare a despatch for the purpose of directing the Indian Government to compel the King of Oude, to pay certain claims made on him on behalf of Calcutta bankers, which commands the Court of Directors refused to obey, on the ground that the interference which the Board of Controul required them to exercise with the King of Oude, was inconsistent with the relations subsisting between the British Government and the King of Oude, and would be most mischievous in effect. On the 31st of January the right jon. gentleman had appliedfor, and obtained a rule to show cause why, under the act of Parliament, a mandamus  should not issue to compel the Court of Directors to comply with the desire ofthe Board of Controul. On the 31st of January, 1834, the Court of King's bench was prepared to give its decision upon the application for the mandamus, when, without any reason being assigned, the right hon. President of the Board of Controul withdrew his application.Mr C. Grant  said that in the regret which had been expressed respecting the possible collision between the two authorities, he fully concurred; bu, entertaining such a sentiment, he confessed it surprised him not a little to find his Right Hon. Friend endeavouring to open a dispute already composed. The right honourable gentleman then proceeded to give a brief outline of the case, and referred to the various high authorities connected with India, who had declared in favour of the demand. With regard to his having withdrawn the application for the mandamus  without explanation, he had to say that he fully explain his opinions to the Directors, he had re-stated them verbally to the chairman, and he did not think himself required, under the circumstances, to reenter into a long discussion upon the point. The effect of the recommendation to the King of Oude was merely to urge the claim upon his attention.Sir R. Peel  said it was a perfectly novel doctrine, and in the present state of the world most inconvenient, that the nonpayment of debts due to his subjects should give the King of England a right forcibly to intervene with foreign states, except where sanctioned by positive treaty.Mr Hume  contended, that on the whole, the debt was a just one, and ought to be paid.The subject here dropped.Admission of Dissenters to the Universities.On the question that this bill be read a third time,Mr T. Gladstone  rose to oppose it. It would, he said, be useless to pass the bill, for it would of necessity be inoperative. If he were asked why he opposed a bill which, if passed, would be inoperative, his answer was that he objected to its principle, the admission of which was equally destructive, whether it effected the object of its promoters or not. Further, they were bound to respect corporate rights as long as the intentions of their founders were fulfilled ; and no one could deny that the Universities did fulfilthe intentions of their founders." (Hear, hear.)Mr V. Smith  supported the bill, as one calculated to take away a reproach from the Establishment, and be felt as a compliment by the Dissenters, whose only desire was to exercise their vigorous intellects in the promotion of science and literature.Mr Baines  said, that the original statutes showed that there were then no tests, nor did any exist at Oxford, in either the time of the Lollards or of Wickliff. The term University had in it an argument for thegeneral use of these seats of learning, which were meant to be universal, both as to the subjects taught, and the persons to whom they were communicated. In this sense, the term was understood and applied in other countries, and it was an extraordinary fact, deserving of attention, that the Universities of Oxford and of Cambridge were the only universities that were closed to a large proportion of the upper classes of the people in any country in Europe. This the Dissenters of England felt as a grievous indignity, and they thought it unjust that Englishmen should attempt to degrade Englishmen by excluding them from the best seats of literature and science.Mr H. Hughes  could not accede to the measure, and therefore moved that it be read that day six months.Mr Goulburn  contended that the introduction of the Dissenters, as proposed under the present bill, would be nothing short of the destruction of the present system of education at the Universities. It was indisputable that at a University, religion could only be taught according to some set form : abandon that mode of tuition, and you abandon the religion itself. (Cries of "No, no.") If they let in Dissenters, it was perfectly obvious the intentions of the founders of those establishments would be completely defeated : he therefore deprecated the measures as injurious to religon and opposed to the best interest of the country.Lord Palmerstone, Sir R. Inglis, and Mr G. Wood  then addressed the house, but amidst such discordant noises as prevented what they said being heard. The laughing, jeering, shouting, were such as has seldom been heard. In particular two hon. members who entered from the smoking room into the opposite gallery during the address of Mr Wood, and who stretched themselves at full length on the seats secure from the observation of the Speaker, kept up a row of the most discreditable character. The Speaker, with much indignation in his tone and manner, called the parties to order.The motion for the third reading was carried, on a division, by 164 to 25. The Trading Companies Bill, the Arms Importation (Ireland) Bill, and the Court of Chancery (Ireland) Bill, went through committees.The Four Courts (Dublin) Bill, the Weights and Measures Bill, and the Turnpike Acts Amendment Bill, were read a third time and passed.The Almanack Stamps Repeal Bill, the Assessed Taxes Repeal Bill, and the Militia Ballot Suspension Bill, were brought in, and read a first time.The house was counted out at three o'clock in the morning.Tuesday, July 29.Sir John Cam Hobhouse  and General Sir Edward Barnes, took the oaths and their seats ; the former for Nottingham, in the room of Lord Duncannon, raised to the Peerage ; the latter for Sudbury, in the room of M. A. Taylor, Esq. deceased.On the motion of Mr Alderman Thompson  the Durham and Sunderland Railway bill was read a third time and passed.Southern AustraliaMr S. Rice  moved the order of the day for the house to resolve into Committee upon the Bill for the Colonization of Southern Australia,Mr A. Baring  rose and stated various objections to the project. The hon. member contended that at this period of the year there was not time to deliberate upon such an important subject, and, independent of this preliminary objection, he said he did not conceive that government ought to sanction any such experiment without a full conviction that there was a reasonable probability of its success. In his opinion the experiment was founded upon bases more mistaken than any similar one which had ever been tried. In fact, according to the plan which had been laid down, the colony would be tied up by mortgages in such a way, that it would not again revert to the Crown, so that the territory would be lost. The result would be, that if the gentlemen who set the project on foot were mistaken--as he was sure they had been--we would be prevented from touching this large portion of Australia, unless we could pay off the debt which had been contracted. While he stated these objections to the plan, he was anxious not to be understood to be inimical to colonization, for he was very favourable to it. Every new opening to colonization he was convinced was a substantial benefit to the poorer classes, (Hear, hear, hear.) It was not, therefore, to the principle of colonization that he was opposed, but he objected to this bill becaue the plan was a most mistaken one, and would eventually shut up this large portion of the world. One of his main objections was to the extent to which it was proposed to carry the experiment. Let the gentlemen take, if they like, 100 square miles, but let them not risk the whole of a great continent. People, like fuel, he said, could not well be carried too far ; they might get a few thousands to go out, but they would never get the tens of thousands to go which were required for the success of the project. The hon. member then objected to two of the principles which were laid down by the projectors, that land should not be sold lower than 12s. per acre, and that no credit should be given. He was convinced that any man acquainted with the practical workings of the system in other colonies, would blow up the whole plan in a moment. No man who went out to Australia would think of taking less than two hundred acres. Now that would cost him t120; it would cost him t120 more to get himself and his family over; which, with stock and other expenses, would amount to t500 or t600. He would, therefore, ask any gentlemen in that house, whether they thought any man who had t500 or t600 in this country, would go out and set himself down on two hundred acres in Australia. (Hear, hear.) He therefore suggested to his right hon. friend to consent that the committee be postponed until another session, and then have it referred to a select committee. He concluded by moving, as an amendment, that the bill be committed on that day six months.Mr W. Whitmore  was thakful for the very candid manner in which the hon. member had stated his objections to the bill. With respect to the large extent of territory, he (Mr W.) thought that was necessary, as it was intended to introduce a completely new system of colonization--one very different from any thing ever before attempted. The extent of land it was intended to take under this act was from 500,000 to 600,000 square miles, and it was the leading principle of the bill that all the money arising from the sale of lands should be applied to the purpose of sending out labourers free of expense.--(Hear, hear, hear.) If this plan succeeded, there would be a constant stream of emigrants going out. The land sold by the Canada Company had been at a higher price. He had sanguine hopes that all the money it would be necessary to borrow would be easily repaid. He most conscientously considered that this bill would prove a very great benefit to the country. It would tend exceedingly towards facilitating and amending the conditions of the people of England and Ireland, and therefore he hoped it would pass.Mr O'Dwyer  contended that, before the house thought of agreeing to such a bill as this, they ought to do something towards the ameloriation of the condition of the people of Ireland. The various reports which committees of that house had made, showed that one-fourth of the land of that country was untilled, but was at the same time what was called reclaimable land, and well calculated for the cultivation and produce of grain. Let this country advance some of the surplus capital talked of by the hon. member towards the cultivation of this bog land, and discontent would flee[?] from Ireland entirely. The Irish people wanted employment, give them that and the house would hear no more about murders, fires, and other outrages.Mr S. Rice  in reference to the allusion made by the hon. and learned member, begged to say that, although much of the bog land in question belonged to private individuals, yet a portion of it was the property of the Government, who had been, and still were, making experiments, with a view to ascertain if the views of the Commissioners could be carried into effect. With respect to the manner in which the hon. member for Essex had opened this question, he must confess that he had brought with him much of usefulness and of experience, and of such a character, too, as could not fail to carry weight. The right hon. gentleman then proceeded to speak in favour of the proposed colonization of South AustraliaAfter some farther discussion, strangers were ordered to withdraw, and the house divided, when there appeared--For going into committee, 72; against it 7--Majority, 65.The bill went through the committee. The report was received, and ordered to be taken into further consideration on Thursday next.Several petitions were presented, and, at three o'clock, the Speaker left the chair.-----------------------------------------------------------------The St Nicholas, Morgan, which has arrived off Aberdeen from Bathurst, New South Wales, reports that timber was very scarce ; that the woods between that town and Miramichi were on fire ; that 250 tons of cut timber had been burnt, and the people in the woods had been obliged to abandon their camps and fly to save their lives. The thermometer at Bathurst was from 85 to 90.-----------------------------------------------------------------Colonel C. J. Napier has been appointed Governor of the embryo colony in South Australia, and we believe that a fitter appointment could not have been made. We only regret that Colonel Napier has not been sent to superintend a colony founded on something like sane principles. But if this Australian project end, as we have little doubt it will do, in the ruin of those who are weak and silly enough to embark in it, no one will ascribe any part of the failure to the incapacity or unfitness of the Governor. The whole blame will fall on the contrivers of the scheme.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--According to a general return of emigrants who have left Liverpool for the British colonies and the United States of America, it appears that from the 7th of May 1833, to the 30th September 1834, 3,121 persons left there for the colonies, and 27,486 for the United States, making a grand total of 30,607 persons. The ships employed were 455 ; the tonnage 196,058, and the crews, 8,9956. The chief of the emigrants to the United States, disembarked at New York, 24,311 having landed there. Of the emigrants to the colonies, 1,289 went to Australia, and 1,227 to Quebec. The emigration to the West Indies during the above period, only amounted to 12 to the smaller islands, 3 to Antigua, 32 to Jamaica, and 26 to Demerara. The emigrants to Van Diemen's Land were 135.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--The Venus  steam-boar left the Steam Packet Wharf, St Katherine's Dock, yesterday morning, with from 230 to 240 female emigrants to take their passage on board the ship Canton, for Sydney. The emigrants were, for the most part, fine healthy looking girls, some of them of exceedingly interesting appearance, and almost all of a class much above that in which the distress which prompts to emigration would be supposed to exist.-----------------------------------------------------------------A new principle has been recognised in the regulations attendant upon the transportation of convicts from this country to New South Wales. Boys of six and girls of ten years will be allowed to accompany their parents to that distant colony.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration--We observe from an advertisement in our paper of to-day, that another ship is fitting out by Government, for the free conveyance of females to Van Dieman's Land ; and as we understand that many applications were made too late for the last ship, we would recommend those anxious to take advantage of this opportunity, to lose no time in making the neccessary application at Leith,--the number being strictly limited, and being the last ship to sail this year. We consider it of great advantage to females of respectability, that none are admitted without a strict investigation into their moral character by the Emigration Committee ; and that those of a superior class, as governesses, &c. are provided a small sum, to defray the expense of the extra outfit.-----------------------------------------------------------------Free Emigration of FemalesT he Emigration Committee  (acting under the authority of the Secretary of State for the Colonies), HEREBY GIVES NOTICE, That the "BOADICEA," a fine new ship of 500 Tons, fitted expressly for the conveyance of Females, will sail from GRAVESEND on T hursday  the 1st day of O ctober  for HOBART TOWN.Single Females, of good character, between 15 and 30 years of age, will be admitted to a Free  Passage, by making application, accompanied with certificates, to Lieut. F orrest, R.N., his Majesty's Agent for Emigration, Custom-house, Leith, from whom particulars may be obtained.A limited number of MARRIED AGRICULTURAL LABOURERS and MECHANICS, and their Failies, will be sent by this Vessel on liberal terms ; but none need apply without certificates of moral character.-----------------------------------------------------------------On Thursday evening a dinner was given to Captain Hindmarsh R.N., to celebrate the circumstance of his Majesty having graciously expressed his approbation of the choice of that gentleman to be the Governor of the new colony in South Australia. The entertainment took place at the Albion Tavern.-----------------------------------------------------------------South Australia.--The act of Parliament for founding this colony will now come into full operation ; the Commissioners having complied with the conditions precedent, by the sale of t35,000 worth of land, and by raisingthe required loan for the government of the colony. We may therefore expect shortly to see the names of the various officers gazetted (some of them have been long ago nominated) ; and we understand that active preparations are making with a view to the immediate departure of the officers and a small body of emigrants. This first expedition will be placed under the command of Captain Hindmarsh, R.N., the Governor ; who, with the assistance of the Surveyors and other qualified persons, will carefully examine the various harbours in the colony, the quality of the neighbouring soil, the supply of water, &c. ; and will select that site which, all things considered, is most desirable for the first town. We believe it is the intention of the Commissions not to send out the main body of emigrants until the next spring, so as to allow ample time for the necessary preparations for their reception.--Spectator.There have been 300 convents suppressed within the last three years. The example was set by the Emperor of Russia, who, was by an ukase, dated 31st July 1832, abolished 187 convents of monks. This was followed by the King of Prussia, who, by a royal order, secularised all the convents in the Duchy of Posen. In 1834, Don Pedro put down 300 convents, and Spain has lately abolished 1800.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--It will be observed, from an advertisement in to-day's paper, that Government are fitting another ship for the free  conveyance of single females from London to Van Dieman's Land ; and from the great demand for agricultural labourers, and mechanics of every description, in that colony, it has been resolved to grant a passage to that class, at a cost not above what is paid to America--Government paying the remainder of the sum as a bounty, amounting to t30, which may certainly be looked upon as a great boon, both by individuals and the colony at large. In all the colonies there appears to be a scarcity of working people, as from an official document in our possession, it is asserted, on authority, that in Upper Canada agricultural labourers, domestic servants, and tradesmen of every description, will be for some years in great request. Farm labourers readily obtain from t25 to t30 per annum, with board, lodging, and washing, and day-labourers from 3s. to 4s. per day, with provisions. The government agent for emigration for the Canadas asserts he could find immediate employment for 20,000 working people, as public improvements are much retarded for want of hands. As this is the best season, we would advise all those intending to emigrate to apply to the government agent for emigration at the Custom House, Leith, who will give gratuitous information regarding the colonies, and advise as to the best method of putting their plans into execution. The rate of wages for every description of mechanics may be likewise seen there.-----------------------------------------------------------------Free Emigration of Females To Australia.The splendid Ship Amelia Thompson,of 500 tons,Is now fitting by the Emigration Committee, (under the authority of the Secretary of State for the Colonies), expressly for the free conveyance of single females, of good character, between the ages of 15 and 30, to sail from Gravesend for Van Dieman's Land, on Thursday the 28th April.A limited number of married Agricultural labourers, and Mechanics, will be admitted to a passage in this ship upon payment of t10 for a married couple, upon being approved of.Applications to be made in Scotland, to Lieutenant Forrest, R. N.,  his Majesty's Agent for Emigration, Custom-House, Leith.Agricultural Labourers and Mechanics of every description are in demand in the Colony.H. M., Emigration Office, Leith, 8th March, 1836.-----------------------------------------------------------------The New Australian Colony.--The Cygnet, with the first party of emigrants to the New Colony of South Australia, will sail to-day from Gravesend ; eight gentlemen have gone out as surveyors, taking with them upwards of twenty artisans and labourers, a surgeon, steward, and harbour-master.-----------------------------------------------------------------Australian Colonies.--We have seen a printed circular containing extracts of a letter from Mr John Sullivan, surgeon-superintendent of the Emigrant ship Canton, dated Sydney, 6th October 1835, addressed to Edward Forster, Esq. chairman of the Emigration Committee, London. In this letter Mr Sullivan mentions that the female emigrants, on landing, were placed in spacious and commodious buildings, adjoining the Government House, at Sydney, where every attention was paid to their comfort and security from improper intrusion. The writer further states :--" We landed in Sydney a greater proportion of well conducted, industrious, and virtuous young women, than were ever before landed from any of the ships of the Emigration Committee that came to these Colonies. Three-fourths of the young women were engaged, and went into comfortable situations, on the first and second days after landing ; and before a week all the useful and good servants, viz. laundresses, cooks, servants of all work, dairymaids, and housekeepers, were in places, many of them in Syndey and the surroundings districts ; several were taken up the country to Maitland and Bathurst ; and as many more cooks, laundresses, dairymaids, or farm servants as we had, could obtain places in that time, for these are the descriptions of female servants in demand throughout the colony. The wages varied from t8 to t20. Some, who were not very good servants of all work and housemaids, got t8 to t10 ; cooks and laundresses, t12 to t16 (the latter are much wanted) ; housemaids and needlewomen, t10 to t12 ; housekeepers, t16 to t20. Governesses also are much sought for it ; if we had had twenty qualified they could have got situations in respectable families and schools ; but the salaries to this class are small, say t25 to t40. Nursery governesses got t20. All the male emigrants who understood agriculture, or the management of stock in general, but particularly sheep, were engaged immediately, at salaries varying from t40 to t50, with a house and rations for family use." We understand that the Canton  had a number of females from Edinburgh and its neighbourhood, and the above information must be highly satisafactory to their relatives.-----------------------------------------------------------------Sir George Clerk.--As the cawing of the rooks portends a storm, it is worth while to mention that the cunning baronet has come down from London, and commenced a canvass in this county within these few days. It is stated, we believe upon good authority, that he accounts for this course of proceeding, by referring to the great probability of the Lords throwing out the Irish Municipal Bill.Burn's Monument.--We understand that there is now an early prospect of the completion of this monument, which has too long remained in an unfinished state, to the surprise of strangers, and the discredit to our Modern Athens. The sum already in the Treasurer's hands, aided by the profits of the handsome musical work lately issued by Mr M'Leod, which he has generously devoted to that purpose, is now nearly sufficient to meet the calculations of the expense requird for the railing in and decoration of the ground around the monument. We expect, therefore, that the work will forthwith be commenced, and if a few pounds are still wanted, we have no doubt there are hundreds in Edinburgh who would willingly guarantee the Treasurer against any loss by the immediate completion of the undertaking.Annuity Tax.--We understand that deputations from several places in the country, are expected to attend the public meeting which is to be held on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of petitioning Parliament for the abolition of the Annuity Tax, in order to testify their abhorrence of that system of politico Christianity which requires distraint and imprisonment for its support. We observe that Mr Gillon, of Wallhouse, M.P. is to take the chair. The meeting we doubt not, will be most numerously attended.Law of Scotland.--The prizes given by Professor Bell, for the greatest proficiency in the examinations, were yesterday awarded to Mr William Neish, 25, India Street, in the senior, and to William Spence, 31, Broughton Place, in the junior class. The following gentlemen also distinguished themselves in the competition : Mr John Fraser, James Gilchrist, James Mason, James Scott, in the senior class; James Oliver, David Gale, John R. Banks, James Charles Murray, Wm. M'Naughton, in the junior.Kilwinning, March  30.--The United Associate Presbytery of Kilmarnock met at Kilwinning on Tuesday, the 22d March, and ordained Mr A. Macgregor to the pastoral charge of the congregation in that place. The Rev. D. Henderson, of Dalry, preached and presided. The Rev. Mr Cairns, of Stewarton, ordained, and the Rev D. Ronald, of Saltcoats, gave the charge to the minister and congregation. On the Sabbath following, the Rev. Mr Tait, of Barrhead, introduced Mr Macgregor to his congregation ; and there is every prospect that the hitherto long disappointed congregation of Kilwinning will now prosper under the pastoral care of their much esteemed and highly talented young minister.Presentation of Plate.--Mr A. S. Walker, late of the Commercial Bank of Scotland, at present manager of the branch of the Commercial Bank of England, at Uttoxeter, in Staffordshire, was lately presented with an elegant tea service by the proprietors of that establishment, bearing the following inscription :--"Presented to Mr Archibald S. Walker, by the Uttoxeter Proprietors of the Commercial Bank of England, as a small acknowledgement of his faithful and valuable services--March, 1836." This is another proof of the estimation in which many of the young men are held who have been trained to the banking system in this country. From a Return, just published, we find that the emigration to Canada has been comparatively small last year. The whole number of emigrants landed at Quebec and Montreal in 1835, was 12,527 : in 1831 and 1832 four times, and in 1834 two times as many were sent out. Of the 12,527, there were 5597 adult males, 3866 females, and 3064 children under 14 years. Of the whole number, 1043 were sent out by parochial aid. The numbers from the three kingdoms were--England, 3067 Ireland, 7,108 Scotland, 2,127 From Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, &c. 225 Settled in Lower Canada, 2,297 Upper Canada, 9,800 Died at Grosse Isle and Quebec, 13 Returned to the United Kingdom, 117 Removed to the United States, 300 --12,527But besides those who went to Canada, 16,749 landed at New York, raising the whole number of emigrants to 29,376. There were no less than three vessels wrecked last year on their way to Quebec--the William Ewing from Londonderry with 300 passengers, all saved--the barque James from Newfoundland, all saved--and the Nathaniel Graham from Cork, with 48 persons on board, passengers and crew, of whom 41 were lost.From another part of the Report, we find that 2764 female emigrants were sent out to Australia last year, under the superintendence of the Emigration Committee. Of these 2105 had a free passage. The arrangements seem to have been ood ; for the mortality was small, and few complaints were made. The females were all of decent character, and due care was taken on their arrival to get them disposed of as servants, in situations where their morals would not be exposed to unnecessary risk.Ulster Railway.--Length 36 miles, from Belfast to Armagh ; capital t600,000, in 12,000 shares, of which t393,000 are subscribed. The number of passengers expected is 450,000; the expected income is t93,000, of which t67,800 is from passengers ; the estimated expense of the work is t539,000. The steepest gradient is 1 in 200. There are 3 tunnels of 310, 320, and 570 yards in length.East Lothian Railway.--We call attention with great pleasure to the Prospectus of a railway from Dunbar to Edinburgh, by Haddington and Tranent, which appears in our first page. No one can have travelled over the ground without observing how admirably it is fitted for this species of communication, by its remarkable uniformity of surface. We should have doubted whether such a work would pay, had it terminated at Edinburgh ; but as a part of an unbroken line reaching across the most fertile and populous parts of Scotland, from the German ocean to the Atlantic, its chances of success are vastly increased.Dundee and Arbroath Railway.--The Committee's report on this railway has reached us, but we must confine ourselves to an abstract. The length is 16 miles 5 furlongs and 90 yards ; the capital t100,000, divided into 4000 shares, which is all subscribed, but authority is taken to raise t40,000 more by loan ; sum paid up t5000 ; subscribed by shareholders locally interested t88,900, by others t7150 : there are three subscribers for t2000 and upwards : the expected income from passengers is t16,912, goods t14,654, from both t31,566. There are no tunnels, no inclined planes, and the steepest gradient being only 1 in 1000, scarcely differs from a dead level. It does not cross any highway or turnpike on a level. The estimated expenses is t99,844.Statute Labour Acts.--It appears from the votes of the House of Commons, that a Select Committee has been appointed to investigate the Scottish Statute Labour Acts, and to consider what amendments may be made thereon. It may be stated, that by the present act for this county, proprietors of land, and several other descriptions of people are totally exempted from any burden, on account of the coaches, chaises, gigs, or saddle horses they may keep, though it is quite plain good roads are of as much advantage to them as to the occupiers of land, upon whom almost the sole burden is thrown. In many parishes a considerable addition would be made to the road funds, were no such exemptions allowed. At present the management is vested in heritors, rated at one hundred pounds Scots and upwards, though it is stated with confidence, that were the occupiers of land included, beneficial consequences would follow.--East- Lothian Correspondent.Leith Mechanics' Friendly Assurance Society.--The fifth annual meeting of this Institution was held on Tuesday last--John Hutton, Esq., one of the Honorary Members, President of the Society, in the chair. A very satisfactory report for the last year was read, and thanks were voted to the different Officebearers. It appears that this society was established under the countenance of the Magistrates and Ministers, and various influential individuals in Leith, and is well deserving of encouragement, as affording the benefits of mutual insurance to the working classes, the lowest rates consistent with perfect security. The funds, we understand, are in a prosperous state.Hay and Straw.--In consequence of it having been alleged last Wednesday, that higher prices were got for straw than those quoted, we have made due inquiry, and find there are no grounds for such an allegation. We have been further assured, that in reporting the prices of hay and straw for these two years past, the clerk of the corn market has never shown a desire to favour the farm servants at the expense of their employers, or to favour either party at the expense of the public.The Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty have been pleased to grant by their warrant, dated the 6th of April 1836, a distinguishing flag to be worn by the respective vessels belonging to the Eastern Regatta Club of Scotland, viz. a blue cornet flag, with a white St Andrew's cross on the upper quarter on a red field.Heriot's Hospital.--At the meeting of the Governors of George Heriot's Hospital, on Thursday the 7th instant, the estimate of Messrs Trotter for alterations and repairs on the chapel, amounting to t935, was accepted, and it will gratify the friends of economy to learn, that this is t65 under the sum voted by a majority of the Governors for that purpose some time ago. Thereafter a unanimous vote of thanks was passed to Councillor Gillespie Graham, for gratuitously furnishing a plan of the intended improvements on the chapel, which was described by Councillor Grant and others, as highly creditable to the skill and good taste of that distinguished architect. The Governors then proceeded to consider the list of applications for admission of boys, preparatory to the usual half-yearly election. There were 16 vacancies and 37 applicants, who may be thus classed :--Those who have never received benefit from George Heriot's Hospital, or any other institution, 12 Those who have received benefit for one child, 13 Do. for two children, 6 Do. for three children, 5 Do. for five children, 1 37In considering cases the present practise of the Governors is to give preference, first to children of widows (being poor), then to those who have never received benefit, afterwards those who have had only one child in, and so on. These were but three applications for widow's children, and one for an orphan, out of the above number, and it is therefore probable, considering the large population of Edinburgh, that it is not sufficiently known, that George Heriot, in his will, expressly points out the fatherless  and poor, being children of burgesses and freemen, as the objects of his charity--hence, if there be not a sufficient numbers of really necessitous cases, the Governors, in filling up the vacancies, may elect some that do not appear to have strong claims, simply from those that have such claims not coming forward in sufficient numbers. Political Economy.--On Thursday last the course of lectures on Political Economy, delivered by Dr Thomas Murray, in Elder Street Chapel, was brought to a conclusion ; on which occasion the thanks of the meeting were, on the motion of one of the members of committe, voted by acclamation to the lecturer for his valuable services. After thanks had been returned by Dr Murray, Mr A. G. Hunter, merchant, was called to the Chair, and some conversation having taken place, the committee of management, who had necessarily been self-elected, were confirmed by the meeting in their office, and empowered to take such steps as they might think expedient for obtaining lectures to the industrious classes next winter. We understand that Dr Murray is to be entertained at supper, some evening next week, on the occasion of being presented with a piece of silver plate.It is with much regret we learn that John Grieve, Esq. of Newington Cottage, died on Monday last. He was beloved and esteemed for his estimable qualities by all who had the pleasure of his acquaintance, and his death will be long and deeply regretted.Rare Sights in London.--A young Scottish Miss, who had voyaged the length of London on a pleasure jaunt, returned the other day by one of the steamers, and was met on landing by various members of her family, who anxiously inquired what she had seen in London. " Seen !" exclaimed the fair tourist "I have seen such sights !  I saw the Theological Garden, and all the wild beasts in't!"The Theatre.--Mr C. Kean concluded his engagement on Thursday evening--an engagement the longest and most brilliant of any that our Theatre has witnessed for many years. Mr Kean has been with us for a whole month, and has succeeded in crowding the house almost every night. We understand that upwards of 30,000 persons have visited the theatre during his engagement--a number beyond that of any former period of equal duration. In that time he has appeared in some of the most arduous and difficult of Shakespeare's characters Hamlet, Richard, Macbeth, Othello, Shylock, and King John, investing each with its own peculiar charms and interest, and exciting the highest admiration and astonishment at the versatility and power of his genius, which could give such individuality and truth to so many dissimilar, distinct, and separate classes of characters. The play with which his engagement concluded was Richard, which character he has performed seven  times during his engagement ; the house was, as usual, crowded in every part, and he exerted himself most strenuously and successfully. At the conclusion the cheers of the audience were loud and long, and two laurel wreaths were thrown upon the stage from different parts of the house. Mr K. being loudly called for, appeared in front of the stage, and delivered the following very neat and appropriate address:--" Ladies and Gentlemen,--I now stand before you for the last time this season, but believe me whichever way my pilgrimage may bend, my thoughts will ever recur to Edinburgh as those of a child to its distant home, fondly anticipating the hour when he shall again stand upon its threshold. (Great cheering.) Till that period permit me with a heavy, but a grateful heart, to pronounce that melancholy word--farewell." (Mr Kean then withdrew amidst reiterated and enthusiastic plaudits from all parts of the house.) --Mr K. we perceive, appears next in Aberdeen, where the people are anticipating a rich treat from his performances. The boxes there, we are told, are already taken for several successive nights to come.--Mrs Honey, from the Theatre Royal, Haymarket, makes her appearance here on Monday first.On Wednesday evening, Mr John G. Moxey, baker, Castle Street, was entertained at supper, in Menzie's Hotel and Tavern, Waterloo Place, by a party of friends, of about fifty in number, previous to his leaving this country for America, to which he is about to emigrate. The company was very harmonious, and the compliment must have been very gratifying to Mr Moxey.Qualifications of General Assembly Elders.--The Presbytery of Cupar, at their meeting on the 29th ult. elected the Earl of Leven and Melville, and Walter Malcolm, Esq. Edinburgh, to represent them in the ensuing Assembly. Mr Malcolm is factor for Captain Hay of Mugdrum, who is principal heritor in the parish of Newburgh, and was lately ordained an elder there. Against his election to serve in the Assembly a protest and appeal were taken, on the grounds, as we understand, that he has no domicile within the bounds of Presbytery, and is not an officiating elder; the protesters allowing that his election, though consistent with the letter, is contrary to the spirit of an act of Assembly passed in 1816. If the appeal is sustained, it is evident that a large proportion of the Assembly elders must vacate their seats. Intimation also was given by D. Maitland M'Gill, Esq., that when the commissions came to be attested, he would move for evidence being produced that the elders-elect maintain family worship. An amusing inquiry was instituted in the Presbytery last year respecting the Earl of Leven's habits of domestic devotion ; and a clerical member had the candour to say, he should wish to know how it was with the ministers themselves in that respect.The University of St Andrews has just conferred the degree of Doctor of Divinity on the Rev. Professor Paxton, of Edinburgh. In bestowing this public honour on one, who, during a long and useful life, has done so much for the cause of literature and religion, the members of the College have done an act which shows that they can appreciate real merit, and which will entitle them to the gratitude of the religious public of Scotland. Those who have had the good fortune to enjoy the public ministrations of Professor Paxton, and even the general church-going community, are well aware of the rich and glowing eloquence, of the pious and heartfelt warmth, and of the classical elegance which have long characterised his public preaching. Even beyond the religious body of which he is the ornament, he is well known as one of the most popular and impressive teachers of the day. In his lectures on Theology, as Professor to the General Associate Synod, and afterwards to the Associate Synod, he displayed the results of an extensive and profound critical study of the Scriptures, and of an unwearied research into the Natural History, and the manners and usages of the ancients nations. The work by which he is chiefly known as an author--The Illustrations of Scripture--will long bear testimony to the extent of his learning, and of his Oriental investigations, and to his powers of lucid and eloquent composition. We understand that the attention of the College was directed to Mr Paxton's merits by the distinguished Professor of Oriental Languages. This anxiety to do justice to a fellow labourer in the same field of study, reflects high honour on the discrimination and the heart of Mr Tennant.Public Dinner to Professor Dick.--On Tuesday last, the Students ofthe Edinburgh Veterinary College and a number of Veterinary Surgeons and other gentlemen (in all upwards of 70) from various parts of Scotland, entertained Professor Dick to a public dinner in the Waterloo Hotel. John Lambert, Esq. in the Chair, and Alexander Gordon, jun Esq. croupier. The stewards were Ed. Pyper, Esq. of West Craigs, J. R. Laing, Esq. jun of Dunkenny, Samuel Wordsworth, jun. Esq. W.S., Dr Malcolm, James Miller, Esq. and George Rennie, Esq.--Amongst the gentlemen present we observed Professors Low and Lizars ; Drs Robertson, Spittal, Knox, and Aitken, Mr Ferguson, surgeon ; J. B. Murdoch, Esq. of Coldoch; Charles Gordon, Esq. Secretary to the Highland Society of Scotland ; A. T. Blackwood, Esq. of Oggs Castle ; Mr Dick, senior &c. The cloth having been removed and the usual loyal toasts drank, the chairman, in a neat and appropriate speech, proposed the health of Professor Dick, to whom the present meeting had assembled to do honour, and who at once commanded their esteem as a member of society and their admiration as a man of talent, which toast was drank with the greatest enthusiasm. The chairman then proposed his Grace the Duke of Gordon and the Highland and Agricultural Society of Scotland, Patrons of the Edinburgh Veterinary College, which was followed by a variety of other appropriate toasts. Many excellent songs were sung, and the conviviality of the evening was kept up until a late hour.Royal Infirmary--We understand that the Stewards of the late Fancy Ball for the benefit of the Royal Infirmary have, by their judicious arrangements in the management of the ball, been enabled to pay over to the trustees of that institution, (after deducting all expenses) the sum of t432, 7s. 8d. The managers of the Infirmary, as well as the public at large, are certainly much indebted to the gentlemen who acted as stewards upon that occasion, for their valuable extertions, particularly at the present time, in support of this great and useful institution, for the relief of those labouring under the united calamities of indigence and disease.-----------------------------------------------------------------Papers from Madras to the 17th of January have been received. Accounts had arrived through Singapore, from the ship Mangles, stating that when passing through Torres Straits she touched at Murray's Island, where they discovered eight Europeans, part of the crew of the long-missing bark, Charles Eaton, in a state of slavery, but the natives would not deliver up the men. The Charles Eaton was supposed to have been lost on the Barrier Reef, in Torres Straits, in 1833, in prosecution of her voyage from New South Wales to Madras, but no precise intelligence of her fate was previously known. The ironworks which had been erected at Porto Novo were proceeding with activity, and some railing had been made there, quite equal, it is stated to anything og the kind manufactured in England.-----------------------------------------------------------------Every thing is jobbed Female Emigration to Australia, &c. (From a Correspondent.)Our penal settlements appear to be very indifferently managed; and we are glad to find that such a man as Sir John Franklin is appointed to govern Van Diemen's Land; and the sooner an improved system is adopted for New South Wales, the better. Not only are men sent out to govern who are ignorant of human nature, a knowledge of which is essential to the management of the heterogenous materials of our penal colonies; but when the Government at home opens its eyes to any proposal for improvement,it is mismanaged. Our rulers have the sense to see the importance of sending our respectable females to these colonies ; but they trust an Emigration Committee, and this committee trusts individuals who desire to make the most of the concern ; and we are glad to have an opportunity of making the public acquainted with the mode in which the business is conducted, in the hope that some humane Member of Parliament will take the subject up. The mode of managing female emigration is this :--A temptation, in the first place, is held out of a free passage to Australia. A ship is hired, and this ship must ave a full  cargo, to satisfy the owners. Advertisements are issued, and instead of hard working females, a parcel of decayed governesses, dressmakers, &c. &c., with a small mixture of better articles, is made up. But if, as almost always happens, a sufficient number of these to fill the ship does not come forward, a supply of sweepings is taken from a workhouse! Here, then, is such a mixture of good, bad, and indifferent, to the amount of two hundred and upwards, that there is enough of evil to corrupt the good. As to the comfort of the poor creatures they are crammed four into one bed  !Such is the power of jobbing, that we happen to know the fact, that some young women of respectability who wished to go to New South Wales with their friends, were refused a free passage, unless they went to London to go in the Government ship ! Thus we see that the interests of agents and shipowners overcomes the interests of the colonies, and actually obstructs the attainment of the object in view. We find blindness a very common ailment in every department of Government ; and however desirous our rulrs may be to reform every abuse, and to adopt useful measures, they are often thwarted by the necessity (which ought not to exist) of conciliating harpies and leeches, which devour the public substance, and suck the public blood. Reform has, as yet, only begun to clean the outside of the platter ; and it may not reach the inside in our day. It is the duty, however, of all patriots, to sharpen the knife that is to cut out corruption from the heart of the commonwealth, by means of exposure of every abuse that comes to be known, and to support those who are willing to apply it.As in a matter of so much importance nothing should be concealed, there is no hesitation in stating that it consists with our knowledge that, after the Emigration Committee in Van Diemen's Land, detailing the deplorable consequences of sending out young women from workhouses, a ship has actually sailed, nearly filled up as we have described. When any representation is made to a public office, the matter is said to belong to another department ; and that other department says it is not its province to interfere ; and thus humanity is made the shuttlecock to the battledore of jobbing and the blindness of office.If our brethren of the press will take up this, the inhuman job will be put an end to.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration Mr Walter  moved, pursuant to notice, that "an humble address be presented to his Majesty, praying that he will be graciously pleased to issue his royal orders that a placard entitled "Emigration to Van Diemen's Land," which the several postmasters throughout the kingdom have been directed to put in a conspicuous place in their several post-offices, and to circulate among the clergy and the parochial authorities be withdrawn." He had been assured y several gentlemen who had returned from Van Diemen's land, that many of the young females sent out by the Emigration committee had been irrevocable consigned to prostitution, and that such as obtained services found themselves placed among a very different calss of persons to that which they had been accustomed to mix with in this country. The hon. member read an extract from a Hobart Town paper, of the 19th of February last, in which it was stated that some of the females "thus launched into the world," were not more than twelve of thirteen years old.Mr Wakley  seconded the motion. Sir G. Grey  adverted to the extraordinary object of the address, when the information desired had in fact already been given on a former day. He hoped, whatever information, correct or erroneous, might be circulated on the subject of emigration, that the people of England would not adopt their notions from anonymous paragraphs in Hobart Town newspapers. According to the hon. member there was a system in operation by which people were driven out of the country--actually turned out of it, as if they were so many slaves. Now he could declare that there could be no more unfounded statement than this. Though much good had arisen to the colonies and individuals, yet it could not be denied that, in some instances, youn women had turned out badly They had these facts upon authority--that many of those females obtained respectable places. The names of the individuals who obtained them, the dates of their arrival, the mode of their meployment, were all to be found int he papers on the table of the house. In conclusion, he begged of the hon. member and others, when statements relative to emigration were made, to receive them with caution and reserve.Mr C. Lushington  defended the proceedigs of the Emigration Committee. he mainted that by their labours the greatest posible good had been accomplished, hear, hear.) He would then ask of any one to look at the names of the gentlemen who were on that committee--to look at their characters; and could any one who did so believe that the members of that committee would be guilty of the sin of sendng out, day after day, young females to the colonies--of thus duping those unprotected creatures to their destruction? (hear, hear.)Mr Walter  replied. He had not relied for his statements upon newspapers, but upon official documents.The motion was negatived without a division.-----------------------------------------------------------------State of Trade.The Wool Trade, London, Thursday Evening.--The following are more accurate averages of the sales of Colonial Wools which have recently taken place than we were enabled to obtain during their progress.The Colonial Wools offered consisted of 2041 bays. The Wools have become much improved in growth, in length of staple, in management, and in washing. The market being very bare in combining wool, this description realized a proportionate advance. Several flocks attracted great attention, particularly those market T A in a square, I X and Y, which show that great pains have been paid by the growers upon them. The correct averages obtained are as follows :--Van Diemen's Land.s. d. s. d. Choice flocks T A in a square 2 9 to 3 1 per lb. Do. I X 2 0 1/2 2 9 Do. Y 1 8 2 9 Good flocks 2 2 3/4 2 9 1/2 Ordinary and fair quality 1 4 1/2 2 2 1/2 Inferior and in the great 1 2 1 4AustralianGood flocks 2 6 2 9 Fair 2 3 1/2 2 5 Inferior 1 11 2 2 and in the grease 1 3The frist class of Van Diemen's Land Wool realised a considerable rise upon last year's sales, the produce of the same flocks then selling only at 2s 2d to 2s 5d per lb.The Wool Trade is very brisk. The arrivals this week have been 2300 bales, of which about 340 are German, 1000 Spanish, 300 New South Wales, 20 Cape of Good Hope, 50 Turkey, and 500 bales of South American Woo's.Huddersfield, Tuesday.--There has been no visible change in the state of this market for the last three or four weeks. Business in general is pretty good.Bradford, June  30.--The activity we have so often had to report in the piece market continues unabated, and in six quarters, especially low and middle sorts, trade to-day is particularly brisk. Whatever alteration there may be in the yarn market, as compared with recent reports, is for the better. Stocks continue low in the staplers' hands, with very little disposition to increase them. Prices remain very steady, although the demand for wool is extremely limited. Farmers are rather firmer. The Liverpool sales of New South Wales Wool went off 1d to 2d per lb. above the recent London sales.Rochdale, June  27.--The market this week was very well attended, but not so brisk as the last.--Low goods were much in demand, and sold well. The trade in Rochdale is generally good at present, and building is going on to a very considerale extent.York Wool Market, June  30.--The quantity of wool brought to this day's market, was not so large as that supplied last week, nor was the attendance of buyers so numerous, yet a considerable portion of business was done, and last week's quotations were fully supported :--good, bred hog 18 1/2d ; half hog and ewe, 16 1/2d to 17d ; all ewe, 15d to 15 1/2d ; locks without cots 10 1/2 to 11 1/2d ; ditto with cots 11d to 12 1/2d per lb.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--The Emigration committee recently came to a resolution, "that adverting to the information imparted to the committee, both collectively and individually, of the excessive immorality stated to prevail in certain districts of New South Wales, they have formed the opinion that they cannot conscientiously recommend to the Government to ecourage the furher emigration of single females, however well selected, uprotected by parents or near relatives, to Sydney."-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--The Emigration Committee recently came to a resolution, "that adverting to the information imparted to the committee, both collectively and individually, of the excessive immorality stated to prevail in certain disticts of New South Wales, they have formed the opinion that they cannot conscientiously recommend to the Government to encourage the further emigration of single females, however well selected, unprotected by parents or near realtives, to Sydney."-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration to South Australia--On Tuesday last, sailed from Gravesend, for Adelaide in the new colony, the John Renwick, a fine ship of 500 tons burden. This vessel contains 131 emigrants of the following descriptions: 37 young married couples, having 32 young children ; 9 young bachelors, and 7 young spinsters, some of whom are expected to marry on the passage ; 2 carpenters of maturer age, engaged to superintend the erection of forty wooden houses, which constitute the principal cargo of the ship.-----------------------------------------------------------------South AustraliaWe  have received the first annual Report of new colony of South Australia, a Parliamentary paper presented in June last. The site selected for the colony is a part of the south coast of New Holland, extending two or three hundred miles on each side of Spencer's Gulf, and about 600 miles into the interior. It was anticipated that the best central station would be Port Lincoln at the entrance of Spencer's Gulf, on the west side, or Nepean Bay, on the north coast of Kangaroo Isle. Port Lincoln is in latitude 35, and east longitude 136, about 700 miles right west from Sydney, the same distance north-west from Van Diemen's Land, and about 1000 miles eastward of the colony at King George's Sound. Nepean Bay is about 100 miles east from Port Lincoln. The colony is established under Parliamentary Commissioners, as an experiment, we believe, to try whether it may not be possible to execute an extensive plan of emigration without any charge to the country, by selling lots of land at such a price as would defray the expense of conveying the emigrants from England. The plan adopted is, to send out preferably young married persons under thirty, and to admit no slaves or convicts into the colony. A company has embarked t35,000 in the enterprise. A surveying vessel was sent out in March to examine the coast carefully, that the best site might be chosen at first, and the necessity of removal avoided. Six vessels altogether had sailed down to the 1st May, carrying out 152 male labourers with 37 females, and 26 male and 10 females of a superior class. These numbers include 26 children. The Commissioners attempted at first to get 20s. per acre for the land ; but finding it impossible, they reduced the price to 12s. By selling at this price 437 lots, consisting each of a country section of 134 acres, and a town section of one acre, they had raised the t35,000 required by the act of Parliament as the condition of the grant of land. We give these few details to put our readers in a condition to understand the notices which appear from time to time in the papers respecting the colony. We hope the Commissioners or the adventurers will give the country a distinctive name. The title of "South Australia" is bad any way, and even positively absurd ; since Australia ( quasi  Australasia,) originally intended for New Holland, has already begun to be monopolised by Van Diemen's Land. The district at Spencer's Gulf, if it is to participated in the general denomination, should be termed "North" rather than "South" Australia. By the way, most of our colonies in that quarter of the world have ridiculous names, as is instantly perceived when we coin a nationa term for the people out of them. What can be worse than a "Van Diemen-lander ;" a "New South-Wales-ian ;" a "Swan River-ite ;" or a "King-George's Soundian ! !"-----------------------------------------------------------------New Holland.--The Government intend to move in the House of Commons the grant of t1000, to defray a portion of the charge of an expedition, to be despatched for the purpose of " exploring the north-west part of New Holland," agreeably to recommendations of the Royal Geographical Society, "to ascertain the existence, or the contrary, of any great river" in the north-west portion of New Holland.-----------------------------------------------------------------Religion in Australia.--An Act of Council has passed to the effect, that whenever t300 are raised for the erection of a church and parsonage, the Government may advance the same sum--and that if one hundred adults sign a declaration of their wish for a clergyman, a salary of t100 may be given--if two hundred a salary of t150, and if five hundred, a salary of t200. Already nine clergyman are wanted.-----------------------------------------------------------------The Mid-Lothian, which lately came home from China, is at present being fitted up to convey settlers from the Isle of Skye to Australia. She has been chartered by Government; and will acommodate upwards of three hundred emigrants.-----------------------------------------------------------------Highland Emigrants.--The ship " Midlothian" has just been fitted up at Leith for the reception of Highland emigrants, which she is to take in at the Isle of Skye for Sydney, New South Wales. These emigrants are, we believw, to be carried out at a very small cost to themselves, the largest portion of the passage money being paid by Government out of the land revenue of New South Wales, which is exclusively appropriated towards the encouragement and promotion of emigration--the objects in view being, as well the relief of those districts in this country which are suffering from the want of employment and subsistence, as by the introduction into that colony of a body of well disposed and virtuous free emigrant families and individuals, the promotion of the moral welfare of the colonists generally. The emigrants will, we believe, receive employment in New South Wales as farm-servants, shepherds, overseers, &c. We had a brief inspection of the " Midlothian" on Monday afternoon, and found it to be a very fine vessel, fitted up in a manner the most comfortable and convenient that could well be effected. She sails this afternoon from Leith to the Isle of Skye.-----------------------------------------------------------------Thus the British Government is multiplying its colonies round the shores of New Holland. Exclusive of Van Diemen's Land, which forms a separate island, we have first on the eastern shore the old settlement of Port Jackson ; a second recently formed at Port Philip, 500 miles south from Sidney ; a third just described, at St. Vincent's Gulf, 500 miles west from Port Philip ; a fourth at King George's Sound, 1100 miles west from St Vincent's Gulf ; a fifth at Swan River, 250 miles north from King George's South. All these colonies are in the temperate zone, between the latitudes of 30 and 38, and will have nearly the same climate. We had one at Melville Island, on the north coast, within the torried zone, in latitude 12 ; but it was found to be very unhealthy, and was abandoned, after a short trial, ten years ago.Though the interior of New Holland, so far as hitherto explored, is one of the most barren and unpromising lands in the world, there is a margin of good soil round the greater part of its coasts, capabale [?] of supporting twenty or thirty or fifty millions of inhabitants; and there is little doubt that, in the course of three centuries, it will be the seat of a great and powerful nation, cultivating the arts, and speaking the language of Britain, and contributing powerfully to spread civilisation over the Southern Hemisphere.-----------------------------------------------------------------EmigrationThe  Annual Report on Emigration just issued contains, besides the usual, correspondences and documents connected with the plan which has been some time in operation, of transferring labourers from India to the Mauritius, and which it is now proposed to extend to New South Wales. Leaving this subjest for the present, we shall state the general results[?] of the emigration to Canada.The Report shows, that the whole number of emigrants who landed at Quebec or Montreal, in the last nine years, was 259,788[?], averaging very nearly 29,000 per annum. The years of greatest emigration were 1831 and 1832, the numbers for these years being respectively 50,254 and 51,746. The proportions[?] [?] furnished by the three kingdoms in the nine years were as follows :--Among eight emigrants there were five Irishmen, two Englishmen, and one Scotsman. Scotland in proportion to its population has sent off three times as many emigrants, and Ireland about nine times as may as England; and it should be added, that a certain part of the emigration from England is artificial, consisting of paupers sent out at the expense of their parishes. Emigrations offers the most natural, practicable, and safe means of relieving a country of its redundant or unemployed population ; and it may be asked, why it is so much less resorted to in England than in Scotland and Ireland? It cannot[?] be the ignorance of the English, for this would lead to the inference that the Irish, who emigrate in the largest numbers, were the best informed of the three nations. It is, we apprehend, nothing but the Poor Laws, which hold out to the labourer the certainty of a subsistence at home, however idle or improvident he may be, and render him averse to live in the colonies, where he would have no such resource. This is only one of the many evils which these laws have produced, not only to the country at large, but to the labouring classes themselves, whose average condition was greatly deteriorated, while only a fraction of their number shared the benefit of the allowance. We speak of the Poor Laws as they existed before the Act of 1834 was passed.The number of emigrants who went to Canada last year was 21,901, of whom 1399 went from Scotland, 5580 from England, 14,538 from Ireland, and 274 from Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, or the West Indies. In 1836 the number of emigrants was 27,728. The ports in Scotland from which the greatest numbers sail are Greenock, Leith, Aberdeen, and Cromarty. Of the emigrants in 1837, 4000 settled in Lower Canada, 16,300 in Upper Canada, 1500 went to the United States, and ninety-two died in the hospital or quarantine station.In the same period of nine years, 236,288[?] British emigrants have landed at new York, or fully 26,000 per annum on average. There is a great fluctua-[?] tion in the number. In 1833 and 1835 it was only 16,000 ; in 1837 it was 34,000 ; in 1836 no less than 59,075 ; and addingthe 27,728 who went to Canada, no less than 86,800 persons must have landed at New York and Quebec from the British Isles in [?]. There is a discrepancy, however, between this account and another in a different Return, also newly published. The Report of the "Agent-General for Emigration," makes the number who went to the United States from Britain in 1836, only 37,774. The former probably comprehends all British born subjects, including persons from Nova Scotia, Canada, and the West Indies, and probably all passengers, many of whom returned.The Agent-General gives the number of persons who emigrated to the British Colonies and the United States for every year since 1825. We present merely the average for the last year seven years.Annual number of Emigrants from Britain to North American Colonies, 39[?],00 Ditto do. to United States, 34,[?]00 Ditto do. to Cape of Good Hope, 20[?] Ditto do. to Australian Colonies, 3[?]0 73[?],[?]In 1832, the number who emigrated to these Colonies was no less than 103,140. The number who went out to Australia in 1837, was much greater than in any preceding year, being 5054.If we assume that each emigrant pays for his passage, &c., or has in his pocket t30, the average net[?] expended on emigration will be about two millions per annum. It may be correctly stated now, that human beings form no inconsiderable item, in number and value, of our exports. In the case of Ireland we suppose it is by far the most flourishing, and by no means the least advantageous branch of the national commerce.The annual increment of the population of British Isles is about 330,000, independently of the efflux by emigration ; but including this, it must be about 420,000. It follows that there are about [?] more inhabitants in the country each day than there were on the day before. Of the 1150 additional mortals[?] emigration carries off 200.The establishment of steam navigation across the Atlantic will, no doubt, give a new impulse to the circulation of human beings, while the construction of railroads across the Alleganies, and of canals in Canada, will greatly increase the capacity of the western world to absorb the imported multitudes. In seven years hence, the journey from London to Missouri will be shorter in point of time, and perhaps cheaper, than the journey from Washington to Missouri was seven years ago. A religious man might see something like the finger of Providence in the fact, that just at the time France, Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland, begin to feel severely the pressure of a redundant population, inventions have started into existence which may be said to annihilate space, and bring the most thinly inhabited parts of the world, into juxtaposition with the most overpeopled.From the American Almanac, we find that the number of passengers who arrived in the United States in 1836, was 81,000, of whom 4000 were native Americans. The proportion of emigrants from the different foreign countries was--From the British Isles, 47,792 ... British American Colonies, 2,681 ... Germany, 20,142 ... France, 4,443 ... Prussia, 563 ... Switzerland, 465 ... Denmark, 414 ... Holland, 298 ... Mexico, 797 ... Texas, 698 ... Cuba, 516 ... Other countries, 2,152Some curious inferences might be drawn from this table, as to the motives which induce men to leave their native country. Celeris paribus, there is most emigration where there is most intelligence. Thus, Spain, Portugal, Sardinia, Naples, the Papal States, and Austria, furnish no emigrants to American, while Britain and Germany furnish a vast number. Much, however, must depend on the domestic condition of the country, and on the greater or less facilities for removing. Thus, considering its inland position, and the small number of its inhabitants, the spirit of emigration must be much more active in Switzerland, which sends out 445 persons, than in France, which sends out 4443.The magistrates of New York, it appears, consider the influx of emigrants a nuisance, and it would seem, from an expression of Mr Buchanan's, the agent at Quebec, that they had laid a tax of ten dollars upon all who arrive with an intention of settling. The key to this proceeding is no doubt to be found in the following facts. A Board of Aldermen reported in June last, that the expense of City Almshouses in the preceding year were 205,500 dollars, or t44,000 ; that of 1209 persons admitted in a certain period, 932 were aliens ; and that the whole number under the charge of the Commissioners was 3074, of whom three-fourths were foreigners. A communication from the Mayor at the same time says:--" Nearly 2000 emigrants arrive each week ; our streets are filled with the wandering crowds of those passengers, clustering in our city, unaccustomed to our climate, without money, without employment, without friends, many not speaking our language, without any dependence for food, or rainment[?], or fireside." In Boston and Philadelphia, also, nearly one-half of the inmates of the almshouses were foreigners.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration to Australia.--Several vessels have sailed within the last three weeks for our settlements in the souther hemisphere, with full cargoes of goods, and a large number of passengers. The South Australian packet-ship Orleana, will carry out nearly 250 passengers. Many of the emigrants are capitalists, and some to a considerable amount.General Flinter.--We are sorry to learn, by our letters from Madrid, that a very brave and deserving officer, General Flinter, committed suicide on the 9th instant in that city. General Flinter was an Irishman of good family. He served under the Duke of Wellington in Portugal and Spain, and was one of the many officers who joined the Portuguese and Spanish armies by permission of our Government.--Morning Post.-----------------------------------------------------------------The King of Prussia and his Catholic Sub- jects.--The German Courier in an article date Berlin, 5th instant, refers to the late arrests in Posen, and accuses the Catholic clergy of stimulating their flocks to revolt. The Prussian Government had, in consequence, increased its exertions to conciliate the Court of Rome, in hopes that its influence would be exercised over the clergy, and induce them to return to their allegiance. On the other hand, the sect of Separatists, who had resolved to emigrate from Austria to Australia, because of the interference of Government with their religious belief, amounted to 40,000 souls. It was said they would be joined by a great number of the inhabitants of Pomerania.-----------------------------------------------------------------Commission of the General AssemblyOn Wednesday, the Commission of Assembly met in the Tolbooth Church--Dr Muir, Moderator, in the chair.The Presbyterian Church in New South Wales. --The Moderator recalled to the notice of the Commission, that on a former meeting, they had directed him to write to Lord Glenelg, Secretary for the Colonies, disavowing connection with Dr Lang in New South Wales, and blaming his proceedings in that colony, in separating himself from the Presbytery there formed in connection with the Church of Scotland. Since that time he had had a communication from Lord Glenelg, which he was sure would be received by the Commission with great satisfaction.The communication from Lord Glenelg was then read. It consisted of a copy of the despatch transmitted to the Governor of New South Wales, approving of his conduct in withholding the salaries of the Presbyterian laymen who had not submitted themselves to the authority of the Presbytery in connection with the Church of Scotland, and further directing that Dr Lang's salary should be discontinued. His lordship explained, that in doing this the Government had no wish to constitute themselves judges in any ecclesiastical disputes ; but as the salaries awarded to these gentlemen had been given on the faith that they were to remain in connection with the Church of Scotland, they could not be continued so long as they defied her authority.On the motion of Mr Dunlop, the Commission unanimously expressed their satisfaction with the promptitude and decision which the Government had shown in the matter ; and directed the Moderator to communicate their minute to Lord Glenelg. It was also agreed to re-appoint the Committee to watch over the farther proceedings, especially as it was understoof that Dr Lang was now on his way to this country.Case of Small Isles.--The Commission, then proceeded to take up the case of Small Isles, which, it will be recollected, arose out of the Rev. Mr M'Lean having, as was alleged, appeared in the lobby of the Assembly House, while that Court was sitting in May last, in a state of intoxication. The case occupied the Court a considerable part of the day; and at the evening sederunt the following motion, by Dr Gardner, was unanimously agreed to--That the Commission having considered the evidence on the record, find, that in as far as that evidence is hearsay, it is inadmissable; but find it proved that on the afternoon of Friday the 25th of May last, Mr M'Lean was seen in a state of intoxication in the vestibule of the General Assembly, attempting to force his way into it; that it is proved he was on two other occasions during the sitting of last Assembly in a state of intoxication; and, therefore, they find that he ought to be deposed from the office of the holy ministry, and direct the Moderator accordingly to pronounce the sentence of deposition, directing the Clerk to transmit an extract of the sentence to the Presbytery of Skye, and them to declare the parish of Small Isles vacant.--The Moderator pronounced from the chair the sentence os deposition.Case of Lethendy.--In the course of the proceedings during the early sederunt of the Commission, the Procurator rose and said, he might take the present opportunity of stating to the Commission, that within the last three or four days a petition and complaint had been given in to the Court of Session, and appointed to be served, at the instance of Mr Clark, presentee to the parish of Lethendy, against the Presbytery of Dunkeld, and Mr Kessen, whom that Presbytery had lately inducted into that charge, in despite of interdicts issued by the Court of Session. He mentioned the fact to that Commission, presuming that they would authorize him to defend the Presbytery, who had acted under authority of the Commission itself.Mr Buchanan of Glasgow, after some remarks in commendation of the firmness of the Presbytery in carrying through the settlement amidst many difficulties, moved that "The Commission sanction the Procurator's defending the Presbytery in the trying circumstances in which they are placed, and resolve that they will to the utmost of their power encourage and support them under whatsoever difficulties they may be subjected by their execution of the sentence of the Commission ; and that the thanks of the Commission be given to the Presbytery for the decision and temperate firmness with which they have practically maintained the rightful authority and jurisdiction of the Church."Dr Bryce said, he was quite unprepared for any motion on this subject; but with the views which he entertained in regard to this case, it was impossible he could concur in the motion proposed, and he must therefore dissent from it.Mr James Bridges expressed great indignation against Mr Clark for thus bidding defiance to the authority of the Church Courts, and he proposed, that for thus trampling on the rights and dignity of the Church, Mr Clark should be forthwith called before the Commission for an exemplary punishment.--Mr Dunlop suggested, that although he concurred in feeling with Mr Bridges, it would be premature at present to take any steps against Mr Clark, inasmuch as there was no official communication on the subject from the Presbytery of Dunkeld.Mr Makgill recommended to Mr Bridges, for this reason, not to press his motion, declaring, that as at this time 200 years ago eight Bishops had been deposed, he trusted the time was not far distant when Mr Clark would receive a similar reward for his misconduct; and Mr M. said emphatically, that whatever the Presbytery of Dunkeld might suffer for upholding the independence of the Church, he, as a member of Commission, by whose orders they had acted, would be proud to bear his share.Mr bridges then intimated, that he would waive pressing his motion, and Mr Buchanan's was adopted, Dr Bryce and Mr W. Malcolm intimating their dissent, on the ground that it was incompetent and inexpedient for the Commission to adopt such a resolution.Commemoration of the Second Centenary of the Celebrated Assembly at Glasgow.--In the course of the day, the Moderator suggested, that as this was the second centenary of the great Assembly at Glasgow, which might be considered as the founder, not only of their ecclesiastical but of their civil liverties, a meeting should be held, exclusively devoted to prayer and thanksgiving to Almighty God for the benefits conferred on their Zion.At seven o'clock accordingly, several of the members, and a considerable number of people assembled, when an hour was spent in devotional exercises, which were conducted by Drs Muir, Lee, and Dickson, in succession.The Commission adjourned to the second Tuesday in February next.-----------------------------------------------------------------The Wesleyan Mission Ship.--The Committee of this Society have purchased a vessel, to be employed exclusively under their direction in conveying missionaries and stores between the colonies of New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land, the Friendly Islands, the Fejees, and other groups and islands of the Great South Pacific Ocean.-----------------------------------------------------------------Colonel Wyndham has sent out a commission to Canada to purchase an estate of 10,000 acres, and intends furnishing the same assistance to persons desirous of emigrating from his estates to Australia and Canada, as was given by the late Earl of Egremont.--Morning Herald.-----------------------------------------------------------------New Zealand.--A vessel selected to carry out emigrants to New Zealand, under the auspices of a company formed in this country, will sail in about a fortnight. She is called the Tory, and measures about 480 tons. A dejeuner  was given on Saturday by the proprietors on board, in the West India Docks, at which Lord Durham, Lord Petre, Sir G. Sinclair and several other distinguished persons were present. She is a fine vessel, well armed, and ample preparations have been made for the voyage. The company have purchased 600,000 acres of land from the native chiefs.-----------------------------------------------------------------Daryanthus Excelsa--This most magnificent and gigantic plant is now in full bloom in one of the hothouses at Dunkeld gardens. It is a native of New South Wales, and to be met with in this country in very few collections--this being the third plant of the kind that has flowered in Great Britain. It is one of the four plants which were sent from New Holland to the Duchess of Atholl, twelve years ago, and the only one that has survived the voyage. The seapus or stem is upwards of twelve feet in heigh, from the top of which diverge seven stalks, each bearing nine large flowers of a deep crimson and pink colour. The formation of the stalks and outer petals of the flower, remind one of the Crinum Amabile, but much larger. We had no communication as a guide to its culture, but kept it at all times, and in all season, associated with the most hardy green-houseplants.--Dunkeld Gardens, 24th May.By the death of Sir James Montgomery, the office of Presenter of Signatures in Scotland has become vacant. We understand that this office is no longer to be conducted by deputy.On Thursday the 23d ult. the United Associate Congregation, Kendal, gave a unanimous call to Mr William Ritchie, preacher, to be their pastor.-----------------------------------------------------------------The ship St Mungo, Captain Robert Smith Orr, sailed from Leith Roads on Thursday forenoon last, bound to Port Philip and Sydney, New South Wales, having on board fifty-eight passengers, chiefly settlers for the former of these settlements.-----------------------------------------------------------------Collision at Sea.--We are sorry to learn that the fine new ship Palmyra, which sailed from Greenock on her first voyage for Sydney, New South Wales, on Wednesday week, having a large number of respectable emigrants on board, came in dreadful collision when at sea, on Sunday evening, with another vessel, and had her bulwark driven in and some of the masts dismantled, but providentially no lives were lost. She was towed back to Greenock on Wednesday morning, and the utmost exertions are making for her re-sailing from Greenock early next week.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration to South Australia,--On Saturday last, about twenty-five persons, male and female, left this town and neighbourhood, under the direction of Mr G. Rae, agent for her Majesty's Colonisation Commissioners for South Australia, and sailed that afternoon from Leith to London, to be there embarked on board the Lloyds, and were to sail for their adopted land on Thursday last. Their passage was paid by the Commissioner from Leith to London.--Stirling Observer.-----------------------------------------------------------------Meeting on Emigration in Dublin.--One of the largest and msot influential meetings that we ever remember, says the Dublin Monitor  of Thursday, took place on Wednesday, at the Rotunda, to form an Association for the Promotion of Emigration to South Australia. In rank and numbers it was not surpassed. There could not be less than two thousand persons in the room. Colonel Torrens dwelt at considerable length on the causes of Irish misery, and proved fully, at least to our satisfaction, that a powerful and efficacious remedy was applicable in the objects of the meeting. The subject seemed to tell powerfully on the meeting ; the speakers were heard with great attention, and the applauses they received told that the public feeling was deeply identified with the future colony of New Ireland.-----------------------------------------------------------------Australia.--The splendid ship Superb, Captain Shannon, 1000 tons burthen, left Greenock on Saturday morning last, with 160 passengers and a valuable cargo of goods. A very considerable number of the passengers were from East Lothian, who all expressed themselves highly gratified with their accommodation. The owners, Messrs Andrew Steward & Co., spared no expense which might add to the comfort of the emigrants ; and the kind of attentions of Mr Adamson, Colonization Company's agent, were much appreciated by them all [?]-----------------------------------------------------------------A Man Shot.--On Tuesday evening a deliverate attempt at murder by shooting took palce at Greenock. A young man from Edinburgh, an intended emigrant for New South Wales, by the Palmyra, drew from his pocked a pistol, and shot in the head a person who had been appointed by his friends to see him on board, and to look to his affairs before the sailing of the vessel. The wounded man was taken to the Infirmary in a very dangerous state, and the assailant to the jail. It appears that the young man has for some time past been behaving in a manner which made his friends chary of intrusting him with money in this country, and that they had employed the individual referred to, to see him on board for Australia, before leaving any under his charge. This indignity is supposed to have lain heavy on his mind, and led to the commission of the act above recorded.--Ibid.-----------------------------------------------------------------First Scotch Colony for New Zealand--A numerous party of emigrants, under this title, are now making the necessary arrangements for embarking in the Bengal Merchant, to sail from Greenock in September. The committee for the west of Scotland, and their agents, are now employed in selecting eligible persons as settlers, and, judging from the number of applications, the directors will be called on to send a second vessel from the Clyde. A clergyman of the Scotch Church, who accompanies the colony, will officiate as chaplain on board. It is intended that the Clude shall be made the principal shipping port of Scotland for New Zealand, and that the strictest regulations shall be put in force in order to ensure the comfort, safety, and convenience of the passengers.--New Zealand Gazette.-----------------------------------------------------------------Selected PoetryThe Woodland, By the Late Robert Nicoll.The woodland wild ! -- wilt thou go with me, Where the squirrel is perchen on his oaken tree,--where the yellow fern doth wave its head,--Where the hands of night the dew hath laid,--And the winds, that wander to and fro, Kiss the brown leaflets as they go,--Where the morning sun peeps in, so mild, To the dark green nooks of the woodland wild ? The woodland wild ! --where the dun deer roam, And the song-birds build them a happy home,--Where the grass is green, and the turf so sweet, Seems shorn by the tread of fairy feet,--Where the daylight comes, so richly dim, And the cushat's coo seems a hermit's hymn, The care-worn heart might be self-beguiled To forget its woes in the woodland wild ! The woodland wild ! --where the hazels grow, Where the ladye-broom doth its branches throw,--Where the God-built sky is in patches seen Through the roof of leaves. There aye hath been The home of those wild and fairy flowers That gladden all Nature's life and ours, As they bloom by the stream,--that prattling child, That wanders along through the woodland wild ! The woodland wild !--If thy heart be pure, If thy faith in the right be firm and sure, Go, wander the woodlands parth within, And the love of Nature woo and win; Drink of the cup of beauty there, Where the breath of Omnipotence scents the air; For the Father of beauty in love hath smiled On the sweet green bowers of the woodland wild The woodlan wild !--long, long ago, I have buried myself its leaves below, And dreamed of its beauteous tenants all,--'Tis the linnet's home and fairies' hall! 'Tis the spot where the wondrous monk of old, His hermitage reared in the pleasant wold; By its door a crystal springlet boiled, For the pilgrim to drink, in the woodlan wild! The woodland wild !--what pleasant stories Make sunlight over its olden glories,--Of Robin Hood and his bowmen bold, The raids they made, and the tales they told ! In winter, in spring, and in summer time, The glorious forests are aye in prime ; For glad thoughts forever are round them piled, Those grassy glades in the woodland wild! The woodland wild!--make haste.--make haste! Away with me, and its gladness taste; We will wander beside each gushing stream, Where flowers in the water reflected gleam; We will follow its paths and pluck its flowers, And lie on its grass in the evening hours, Till the dying sunlight, soft and mild, Warns us away from the woodland wild ! Tail's MagazineSong of the Emigrants to New Zealand Steer, helmsman, till you steer our way By stars beyond the line--We go to found a realm--one day--Like England's self to shine. Chorus. Cheer up ! Cheer up! our course we'll keep With dauntless heart and hand, And when we've ploughed the stormy deep We'll plough a smiling land. A land whose beauties importune The Briton to its bowers, To sow but plenty's seeds and prune Luxuriant fruits and flowers, Chorus--Cheer up ! cheer up ! There tracts uncheered[?] by human words, Seclusion's wildest holds, Shall hear the lowing of our herds, The tinkling of our folds, Chorus--Cheer up ! cheer up ! Like rubies set in gold shall blush Our vineyards girt with corn, And wine, and oil, and gladness gush From Amalthea's horn. Chorus--Cheer up ! cheer up ! Britannia's pride is in our hearts, Her blood is in our veins, We'll girdle earth with British arts, Like Ariel's magic chains, Chorus. Cheer up ! cheer up ! our course we'll keep With dauntless heart and hand, And when we've ploughed the stormy deep We'll plough a smiling land. T. Campbell London, 16th August, 1839.-----------------------------------------------------------------LeithThursday  afternoon the splendid ship Indus, which has been some time in the docks, sailed with a full cargo and about sixty settlers, for Port Adelaide and Philip, South Australia. The Indus has been fitted up in that style of elegance and comfort, for which the agents, Messrs Broadfoot and Son, are so celebrated. The passengers consist of a number of respectable individuals of various professions, the greater bulk of whom are agricultural labourers, sent out by Messrs Adamson and Co., agents for her Majesty's Commissioners in South Australia.On Wednesday forenoon a man fell from the deck of the Royal William steam-ship, and had his thighbone broken, and was otherwise seriously bruised. He was carried to the Dispensary Rooms, but upon examining the nature of his injuries, the medical attendants recommended his removal to the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary.-----------------------------------------------------------------Church in New South Wales.--Dr Gordon, as Convener of the committee to whom the dissensions that at present existed among the Presbyterian churches in Australia had been remitted by last Commission, stated that the Committee had prepared a report ; but that since it was made up, several important documents had come to hand, which, in justice to Dr Lang, ought to be considered. He therefore asked leave to delay the report, and to have the matter, with these documents, recomitted to the committee.--This motion was agreed to, on the understanding that the question would be again taken up at the meeting of the Commission on the 11th December.-----------------------------------------------------------------Afflicting Case of Destitution.--Some time ago a vessel was advertised to sail from this port for Australia, and to take out Government settlers free of expense. A family in Shetland, consisting of the husband, wife, and six of a young family, sold off their effects and came to Leith for the purpose of availing themselves of this opportunity to settle in the above colony. On applying to the agent, however, they were informed that they did not come under the description of persons wanted. Since, therefore, they have lived in Leith till their little all has been exhausted, and the husband, from the combined effects of disappointment and want, has been thrown upon a sick-bed, and the whole family are literally in a state of starvation. Several private individuals, with a benevolence that does them the highest credit, have temporarily supplied their wants ; but the hands of private charity is soon crippled, and unless something else be immediately done, we may have soon to report one or more of their deaths from the actual want of the necessaries of life. The object of the present notice therefore is to draw forth the sympathies of the charitable, to relive a family thus suddenly involved in want and misery, who, from their industrious habits and every way excellent characters, left their native home with the good wishes of all their friends. Any donations, either in money or clothes, will be thankfully received by Mr Andrew Spence, of the firm of Messrs Cunninham & Spence, No. 62, Tolbooth-wynd, Leith.-----------------------------------------------------------------New Zealand.--On Wednesday a public meeting was held in the Guildhall of the city of London, pursuant to a requisition to the Lord Mayor, for the purpose of petitioning her Majesty and both Houses of Parliament " to adopt prompt and efficient measures for preserving from invasion or abandonment the longestablished sovereignty of the British Crown in the islands of New Zealand, at present endangered by foreign pretensions, and by the acts of the Executive Government ; also for stopping the course of lawless emigration and settlement, which has not only proved deeply injurious to the native people of the country, but threatens their speedy extermination ; and, lastly, for establishing the most beneficial system of colonization, and the protection and restraints of British law, under a distinct colonial government, in place of the state of anarchy which now prevails among both races, and all other classes of her Majesty's subjects, and others inhabiting or resorting to New Zealand, as a distant independency of the territory of New South Wales." Including the gentlemen of the hustings, the entire number might be calculated at 400 individuals. The Lord Mayor took the chair. Resolutions in accordance with the object of the meeting were moved and seconded by Mr G. Palmer, M.P., Mr F. Baring, M.P., Mr Hawes, M.P., Mr G. F. Young, Mr Ward, M.P., and others. On the motion of Mr G. Robinson, seconded by Mr Donaldson, a petition was adopted by the meeting, to be presented to the Queen by the Earl of Devon, to the House of Peers by Lord Ashburton, and to the Commons by Lord Eliot.-----------------------------------------------------------------New Zealand--Name of the Capital City. ?It will gratify the admirers of the Duke of Wellington to learn, that the Directors of the New Zealand Company have resolved that the name of the city founded by Colonel Wakefield, Lambton Harbour, Port Nicholson, and which is destined to become the capital of New Zealand, shall be named "The City of Wellington," in honour of the illustrious Duke. The Duke is a great advocate for colonization, and to him the promoters of colonization of South Australia were in a great measure indebted for securing the enactment of the statute which gave effect to the principles on which that colony is founded ; and, as many of the promoters of South Australian emigration are Directors of the New Zealand Company, they have resolved, setting all party politics aside, to confer this honour on the Duke. There could be no stronger proof of the political sagacity and statesmanlike views of the Duke, than his approval of the Wakefield system of colonization, and no better mode of perpetuating his name than by bestowing it on the metropolis of the "Great Britain of the Southern Hemisphere."-----------------------------------------------------------------Deputation of Distressed Weavers.--The distress of the Paisley weavers has caused them to send a deputation to London, which, on Tuesday, waited on Lord John Russell, to solicit the means of transporting themselves out of the ungrateful country which has been enriched by their toils, and, in return, refuses them the means of subsistence. Their prayer was to be sent to New Zealand. The answer was, that Government will, next session, bring forward some general measure on the subject, but in the mean time cannot help them.-----------------------------------------------------------------LiteratureNarrative of a Whaling Voyage Round The Globe &c. &c By Frederick Debell Bennett, Esq., F.R.G.S. 2 vols. London: Richard Bentley.We have been somewhat disappointed in these volumes. We expected to have found them, like Scoresby's, full of interesting details regarding whale fishing, whereas, there is hardly a word on the subject throughout the whole of the first volume, and very little in the second ; in fact, what there is, is confined to a sort of supplementary appendix. This is the more strange, that one of the chief purposes of the author, as he himself informs us, in undertaking this voyage, was to investigate the anatomy and habits of southern whales, and the mode of conducting the sperm whale fishery, subjects which, he remarks, were then untouched by the literature of any country. Yet, in the work itself, this chief purpose dwindles into one of very secondary prominence. This, the readers of the work, at least most of them, will the more regret, on finding how very curious and interesting are the two or three chapters which the author has given on the subject of South Sea whaling. There are full of entertaining details of both a popular and scientific character, and cannot be read without exciting a wish that larger portion of the work had been composed of such material.In making these remarks, however, we are far from intending to depreciate the sort of information, in the shape chiefly of sketches of the South Sea Islands, to which the greater part of the volumes are devoted ; we mean merely to say, that it is not what we expected from the title of the work, nor, we may add, what, for our own reading, we should have preferred. Yet are these sketches very amusing reading--full of graphic descriptions and curious details of native character, which is still found in the South Sea Islands in a state of very primitive simplicity. "We have frequently seen," says Mr Bennett, " amongst the congregagation assembled at Church (in Raiatea), a native clothed in nothing but a shirt ; another with a beaver hat surmounting a person naked except the scanty maro ; and a third, whose whole attire was a black coat, white neckerchief, and a shirt!"We observe a rather odd circumstance noted by Mr Bennett. He says that the " temperate ships" of America are the principal purveyors of ardent spirits to the natives of the South Sea Islands, carrying large quantities of rum thither for the purposes of traffic! This is placing the temperance principle in a somewhat curious predicament.Another remark of the author's not less striking--mark it well and take comfort from it ye bon vivants[?]  of the civilzed world--is, that disease is as abundant amongst the native islanders as amongst the most refined of their species, and from this concludes, that man in his savage state is as liable to the " ills that flesh is heir to," as in his civilised condition. Dr Johnson made a similar remark regarding the Highlanders of Scotland ; alleging that the London alderman lived as long over his turtle feast, as the Highlander over his paten cake. What degree of fellow-feeling with civic dignitary and his good living, or whether any, dictated this remark of the learned doctor, we cannot say.Mr Bennett's work is written with great ability, and in style whose only fault is exhibited in a tendency, occasionally, to the use of rather learned phraseology.We conclude with an extract from that portion of the work which, from its great interest, we regretted was not larger, but which, limited as it is, is so full of curious information, and so crowded with remarkable incident, as to render the selection by no means an easy task."Some sperm whales appear reluctant to employ their tail when attacked, but prove active and dangerous with their jaws. Such individuals often rather seek than avoid the attacking boats, and, rushing upon them with open mouth, employ every possible art to crush them with their teeth, and, if successful, will sometimes continue in their neighbourhood, biting the wreck and oars into small fragments. When thus threatening a boat, the whale usually turns and swings upon its back, and will sometimes act in a very sluggish and unaccountable manner, keeping its formidable lower jaw suspended for some moments over the boat, in a threatening attitude, but ultimately rolling to one side, and closing its mouth harmlessly ; nor is it rare to observe this whale, when pursued and attacked, retain[?] its mouth in an expanded state for some minutes together. Such threatening demonstrations of the jaw, as well as some others with the flukes, occasionally compel a boat's crew to leap into the water, and support themselves by swimming or clinging to oars until the danger has passed."In the year 1835, the ship Pusie Hall encountered a fighting whale, which after injuring and driving off her four boats, pursued them to the ship, and withstood for some time the lances hurled at it, by the crew, from the bows of the vessel, before in could be induced to retire ; in this affair a youth in one of the boats was destroyed by a blow from the whale, and one of the officers was severely lacerated by coming in contact with the animal's jaw."A highly tragical instances of the power and ferocity occasionally displayed by the sperm whale, is recorded in the fate of the American South-Seaman Essex, Captain G. Pollard. This vessel, when cruising in the Pacific Ocean, in the year 1820, was wrecked by a whale under the following extraordinary circumstances. The boats had been lowered in pursuit of a school of whales, and the ship was attending them to windward. The master and second mate were engaged with whales they had harpooned, in the midst of the school, and the chief mate had returned on board to equip a spare boat, in lieu of his own, which had been broken and rendered unserviceable. While the crew were thus occupied, the look-out at the masthead reported that a large whale was coming rapidly down upon the ship, the mate hastened his task, in the hope that he might be ready in time to attack it."The Cachalot, which was of the largest size, consequently a male, and probably the guardian of the school, in the meanwhile approached the ship so closely, that the although the helm was put up to avoid the contact, he struck her a severe blow, which broke off a portion of her keel. The enraged animal was then observed to retire to some distance, and again rush upon the ship with extreme velocity. His enormous head struck the starboard bow, beating in a corresponding portion of the planks, and the people on board had barely time to take to their boats, before the ship filled with water and fell over on her side. She did not sink, however, for some hours ; and the crew in the boats continued near the wreck until they had obtained a small supply of provisions, when they shaped a course for land ; but here, it is to be regretted, they made a fatal error. At the time the accident happened they were cruising on the Equator, in the longitude of about 118[?] degrees West, with the Marquesan and Society Islands on their lee, and might have sailed in their boats to either of those groups in a comparatively short time. Under an erroneous impression, however, that all those lands were inhabited by an inhospitable race of people, they preferred pulling to windward for the coast of Peru, and in the attempt were exposed for a lengthened period in extreme privations."A few Cachalots have been noted individually as animals dangerous to attack. One was thus distinguished on the cruising ground off the coast of New Zealand, and was long know to whalers by the name of 'New Zealand Tom.' He is said to have been of great size, conspicuously distinguished by a white hump ; and famous for the havoc he had made amongst the boats and gear of ships attempting his destruction. A second example, of cimilar celebrity, was known to whalers in the Straits of Timor. He had so often succeeded in repelling the attacks of his foes as to be considered invincible, but was at length despatched by a whaler, who, forewarned of his combative temper, adopted the expedient of floating a cask on the sea, to withdraw his attention from the boats ; but notwithstanding this ruse  the animal was not destroyed without much hard fighting, nor until the bow of one of the boats had been nipped off by his jaws."-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--There are at present at the port of London alone no fewer than twenty-three vessels on the berth taking in goods and passengers for Sydney, New South Wales ; eight for Hobart Town and Lan[?]ceston ; four for Port-Philip, and give for South Australia ; being a greater number of emigrant ships for the southern hemisphere on the berth at one time than was every previously known.-----------------------------------------------------------------William, The Missionary.--The sum already subscribed for the widow and family of this deeply lamented individual amounts to t1658, 18s. 10d. Amongst the subscriptions we notice t32 from the Wesleyan Chapel at Adelaide, South Australia.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration to New Zealand--The Chartists Again.( From the Glasgow Argus..On Monday night a public meeting, chiefly composed of the working classes, was held in the Justiciary Court Hall, Glasgow, for the purpose of memorializing Lord John Russell in favour of obtaining the Lord Provost in the chair. The hall was crowded to excess, and it was perfectly evident from the first that the Chartists had mustered in great strength to carry out their usual course of obstruction to the particular business of the evening.--Mr T. Gillespie proposed a resolution in favour of emigration to New Zealand through the medium of funds raised by the sale of lands in the colony, and addressed the meeting at some length in support of the resolution.--Mr R. Malcolm, jun. a young lad, and a Chartist spouter, after a long speech, proposed an amendment; to the effect that while the meeting was favourable to emigration to New Zealand, or any other part of the world, by those so disposed, they objected to any application being made for a grant of public money for any such purpose--that they were opposed to the question of emigration being allowed to occupy public attention, &c. and concluded with the statement that emigration would not afford even temporary relief to the oppressed operatives, and that bad laws were the chief cause of all their present sufferings, &c. This amendment which was supported by the most trifling arguments we ever heard brought forward in public, was of course loudly cheered by the Chartists. The Lord Provost repeatedly explained that he had agreed to take the chair on the understanding that the subject of emigration to New Zealand was to occupy the attention ; but here a matter, perfectly foreign to the business for which they were convened, was introduced by way of amendment ; there was an attack made upon the general policy of the country--and he had positively to state that, if such an amendment was carried, he would not remain in the chair. This was received by cries for "a new chairman" and much confusion, one party cheering, and the other hissing and yelling alternately during the greater part of the evening. A discussion followed, in which a boy named Jack took a prominent part ; and it became perfectly evident that the Chartist speakers were woefully ignorant of the subject they had the impudence to discuss. It was gravely and indignantly averred, that by going to New Zealand, the working men would incur the risk of being swallowed by cannibals! Till informed of the contrary, the Chartists seemed to think that the means of emigration were to be supplied from the public exchequer ; and when told that the funds were to be raised by the sale of lands in New Zealand, one of them sagely observed that it would be much more humane and just to appropriate the proceeds of those sales of land to employ it in sending out emigrants ! Another favourite argument was, that every person had a right to subsist in the land that gave him birth, and that it was barbarous and cruel to send a man, however wretched, out of his native country ; also, that emigration would produce no benefit to society at home, as the places of those sent off would soon be filled by others. Of course, if these arguments had always been held good, and acted upon, the whole human family would, to this day, have been crowded together in the cradle of our race in the East, provided only the thing had been possible; the extension of mankind to other parts of the world must have been wicked, and cruel, and useless--for "for every inhabitant of a country is entitled to a subsistence in the land that gave him birth," and, on his removal to another land, his place would just be filled by others ! The above is a mere specimen of the worse than childish arguments used by the Chartist spouters, and which the men who are now " knocking loudly at the door of the constitution for admission," cheered as if they had been fraught with the choicest wisdom !--Mr John Crawford, Secretary to the New Zealand Land Company, endeavoured, by some sensible remarks, to place the question of emigration to New Zealand on its proper footing ; but in vain ; they were determined to have the charter only--and till then starving workmen, willing, but unable, to emigrate, must starve on. On a division, the amendment proposed by Mr Malcolm was carried by a large majority, and, after a vote of thanks had been given to the Lord Provost, the meeting broke up. This was not done, however, till the Chartists were called upon to be at their posts at the meeting to be held to-day to address the Queen--to render themselves, of course, a little more odious by another stretch of their obstructive power--if they can.-----------------------------------------------------------------On Monday a discussion of some interest took place in the House of Commons relative to the affairs of South Australia. Owing to certain defects in its government, that colony has fallen into a state of financial embarassment requiring immediate relief. Lord John Russell traced the history of the settlement from its foundation, and stated that, while its revenue does not exceed t20,000 its expenditure has increased to the enormous sum of t130,000 a year ! At present its affairs are managed by commissioners, the responsible Ministers of the Crown having no direct control over its expenditure. This is manifestly an evil, and must form the subject of future legislation, but in the meantime it is necessary to provide for the payment of certain bills now over-due. Accordingly, Lord John Russell proposed that her Majesty should be authorized to guarantee a loan of t210,000 for this purpose. Lord Stanley concurred generally in the views of the noble Secretary for the Colonies, but though that the Government ought not to demand a loan until they had brought in a bill to explain distinctly the principles on which they proposed that the colony should henceforth be governed. Sir Robert Peel suggested that the Government should ask a vote of credit for the sum required, which, as it met the urgency of the case, was ultimately agreed upon, and the subject was deferred till Friday.-----------------------------------------------------------------New South WalesMr Grote  rose to move a series of resolutions in condemnation of the application of a part of the Land and Emigration Fund of New South Wales to the maintenance of gaols and police in that colony. It was in 1831 that this expense, antecedently borne by the Home Government, was for the first time thrown upon the colony, whose revenues were then found to yield considerable surplus of revenue beyond expenditure. The charge so imposed at that time was calculated to be about t25,000 a year ; and had that been all the colony would have borne it without a murmur; but in fact it had ever since averaged nearly t60,000. It was not reasonable to impose such a charge on the colony, on account of gaols and police, constituted not the ordinary uses of a colonial society, but for the peculiar purposes of our transportation system. The argument urged by the Home Government was, that the expense was chiefly caused by the extensive distribution of convicts by assignment throughout the colony, whose settlers drew a proportional profit from the labour so assigned. But that assignment was a gain, not more to the colonists, who obtained the labour, than to the mother country, which saved the expense of maintaing the labourers. Whatever value the mother country might be entitled to claim for the labour of the convicts, ought in strictness to fall, not on the colony at large, but on the individual employers; and if there were valid reasons against an exaction of premium from them, still it was unjust to throw the obligation upon the colony at large. That was to pay private wages out of public rates. This one charge on the oclony was sufficient on account for all that embarassment in its finances which had been growing for the last six years. It had been enabled to defray the impact, only by resorting to the emigration fund, and thus checking emigration itself. No less than t260,000 had been abstracted from that fund to meet these costs of jails and police. The diversion of that fund from emigration was a great evil, both to the colony, where labour is so pressingly needed, and to the poor of this country, to whom that refuge is so material. He considered the emigration fund as held by the Government in trust for the united intersts of the colony and of the mother country. The great extent of sales of land in the colony had been [?] owing to the belief of the colonists that the proceed[?] would be applied to emigration.The hon. member was proceeding to cite the opinions of various persons in favour of this strict application, when a motion was made to count the House, and it adjourned for want of its quorum[?] of 40 members.-----------------------------------------------------------------We have received a copy of a Series of Resolutions passed, on the 23d of October 1840, by the Legislative Council of New South Wales, on the subject of immigration into colony. The object of these resolutions is to encourage emigration from the mother country, by showing the demand for labour in New South Wales, and the advantages offered to the immigrant. We have only room for a few of the more important resolutions :Resolved. That there exists throughout the colony an urgent and increasing want of working hands, in every branch of industry ; that there is ample employment for emigrants, at highly renumerating wages without the interruption, in this mild climate, experienced in colder countries during the winter months ; and that, even during the worst period of the past severe drought, no persons able and willing to work found any difficult in procuring advantageous employment.Resolved. That, in the opinion of this Council, there can be no more advantageous field for the employment of industry than is presented in New South Wales--experience proving, that able-bodied, sober, industrious and careful emigrants may, within a few years after their arrival, rise form the condition of labourers to be themselves employers of labour; by which process, and by the progressive increase of the flocks and herds of the colony, a constant demand for additional labourers is created, sufficient to remove all apprehension of a dearth of employment for as many as may arise.Resolved. That this Council would particularly instance the large and increasing sums at the credit of the working classes in the Savings Bank of New South Wales, as affording gratifying evidence of their prosperous condition, the deposits having increased from t24,469, the amount on 31st December 1835, to t127,000 on 31st August 1840.Resolved. That great additional advantage must accrue to the mother country from the large consumption in this colony of British produce and manufactures, the declared value of which, from 1826 to 1839, according to the official returns for that period, amounted to more than eight millions sterling, having progressively increased from t280,000, the amount in 1826, to t1,251,969 in 1839 ; whilst the exports from the colony, including the produce of the fisheries, increased from t106,600 in the former year, to t948,776 in the latter--the total amount being t6,187,530 for the whole period.Resolved. That the trade between the mother country and this colony, together with the whale fisheries in the adjourning seas, also affords a valuable nursery for seamen, important in this respect, in proportion to the distance from Great Britain, and calculated to strengthen and secure her maritime power ; and that this field for the employment of British shipping must increase with the growing prosperity of the colony--considerations which appear to this Council to constitute a strong additional claim, on the part of the colony, to the fostering care of the British Government.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration to New Zealand.--On Friday the Tyne left the London Dock, and proceeded down the river on her voyage to Port Nicholson, New Zealand. The Tyne is a fine new vessel, and she takes out 50 mechanics and labourers, with their families, from the Emigration Depot at Deptford, besides a number of other passengers, amongst whom are Mr Swainson, Chief Justice, and Mr Martin, Attorney-General, of the new colony, to which sations they have been recently appointed. The arrangements for the comfort of the emigrants on board were certainly very complete ; and it must be gratifying to know that those persons sent out by the company will be provided with a large proportion of their provisions fresh, a great quantity of patent preserved provisions being shipped for that purpose on board the Tyne. There are a greater number of children than usual in the Emigration Depot--many of the families consisting of from eight to twelve individuals. The Prince Rupert, which now lies in the London Dock, will clear out on the 10th inst ; and it is supposed she will pretty well clear the depot of its present inmates.-----------------------------------------------------------------New Zealand CompanyA very lively and interesting scene occurred on Friday, off the West India Dock entrance, at Blackwall, by the preparation for departure of three fine vessels with "improvers" for "Nelson," the second colony of New Zealand. The Directors of the Company and several hundred persons of rank and wealth met there to bid farewell to the enterprising emigrants, who appeared highly delighted with the honour extended to them, and in high spirits with the anticipations of the successful result of their mission. After viewing the arrangeents made for the comfort of all on board, the Directors returned to the West India Dock Tavern, where a sumptuous breakfast was provided in the large room. The Duke of Sussex took the chair, and was supported on the right by the Earl of Devon, and on the left by Jos. Somes, Esq., the Governor of the Company. Among the guests were the Duchess of Inverness, the Duke and Duchess of Somerset, Lords Cottenham, Sandon, Marcus Hill, Clements, Viscount Ebrington, M.P., the Hon. Frederick Dundas, Hon. Captain Drummon, Messrs P. Maxwell Stewart, M.P., Gowen, G. F. Young, W. C. Young, and the Misses Young; the Hon. Mrs Douglas, the Hon. Miss Petre, Rev, Dr Hinds, J. E. Boulcott, Captain Hine, Sir Robert and Lady Harland, Sir John Doxatt, M. D.; Mr, Mrs, and Miss Pennington; Lieutenant Lean, her Majesty's Emigration Agent; MEssrs Jordan, E. G. Wakefield, Dudley Costello, Mr and Mrs S. C. Brees, Captain Sinclair, R.N.,&c. &c. The rapid progress which the grand undertaking of colonizing New Zealand has made, was more than once alluded to by his Royal Highness and other distinguished speakers on both sides of politics, and its many advantages were dwelt upon with much sincerity of feeling. Several gentlemen of the first families go out with this expedition, which will be closely followed by several first-rate ships.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration to South Australia ( From Tuesday's Gazette.Colonial Land and Emigration Office, 9 Parkstreet, Westminster, Oct. 1, 1841.--In reference to the notice published in the Royal Gazette  of the 6th of August last, to the effect that all emigrants in respect of whom bounty was to be claimed in New South Wales, must have left this country by the 1st of November next, the Commissioners of Land and Emigration do hereby give further notice, in pursuance of directions from her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, that in order to prevent the consequences which must ensue if vessels should continue to be engaged until too late to be dispatched by the required date, no ships can be permitted to sail with a claim to bounty from the Colonial Government beyond those which shall be forthwith returned to the Commissioners of Colonial Lands and Emigration, and proved to be already under engagement for the purpose.--By order of the Board, John Gliddon, Assis.-Sec.-----------------------------------------------------------------Wellington, New Zealand, June 18.--( From a private letter. )--"Among the latest arrivals is Mr Swainson, F.R.S., the eminent naturalist, by the Jane, from London. He has purchased a house, and intends to reside here with his family. The Governor, Captain Hobson, is daily expected from Auckland on a visit to Colonel Wakefield, the company's agent. Several emigrant ships have lately reached us. The Katherine Stewart, Forbes, from London, has just entered the harbour."-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.--The following data will show the number of emigrants from the United Kingdom, with their destination, during the year 1840 derived from official sources:--To N. American Col. 27,025 To Van Diem. Land 281 United States 38,495 West Australia 233 West Indies 1,938 Port-Philip 3,201 Cape of G. Hope 513 South Australia 2,911 Sydney 7,811 New Zealand 1,330 Total 83,746-----------------------------------------------------------------Tailors.--In 1836 the number of tailors and slopmakers in the town was 500, and these were fully employed; at present there are only 250, and these but partially employed; leaving 250 who are unemployed. Some have left the town, and others are gone to America or Australia.-----------------------------------------------------------------Emigration.A Return, just published, shows that emigration is still proceeding upon a gigantic scale:--Emigrants from the United Kingdom in 1840. England. Scotland. Ireland. Total. To North American colonies, 5,303 3,053 23,935 32,293 United States, 35,309 1,246 4,087 40,0 Other parts of America, 44 ---- 44 West Indies, 745 687 159 1,591 The Cape, 315 8 -- 323 Australia and New Zealand, 14,495 817 538 15,850 56,213 5,811 28,719 90,743We have not the previous Returns at hand, but we believe that a larger number of emigrants never left the shores of the British Isles in one year than the above. It is startling to think, that 1800 persons quit the kingom every week never to return. The natural increase of the people must be about 1100 per day, of whom emigration carries off 250, leaving 850 to swell the Census.The emigration to our North American colonies was as follows:--To Canada, 21,209 --New Brunswick, 8,056 -- Newfoundland, 387 --Nova Scotia, 972 --Cape Breton, 437 Prince Edward's Island, 1,214 Hudson's Bay, 18 32,293To Australia it was:--Swan River, 224 South Australia, 2,748 Port Philip, 3,473 Sydney, 7, Van Diemen's Land, 299 14,392-----------------------------------------------------------------Theatre Royal.--The Pantomine, we observe, is postponed till Friday. Meanwhile, the theatre is crowded nightly, the public being admitted at second price from the commencement of the performances.Music Hall.--We stated, about two month ago, that, in connection with other improvements in the Assembly Rooms, a plan was under consideration for erecting a Music Hall. We are now happy to announce, that at a meeting of the proprietors of the Rooms last week, full pwers were given to the Directors to take the requisite steps for carrying the design into execution. The desire so long felt by the cultivators of music here, will soon be realisd, by the erection of a splendid hall, constructed with a due regard to the accommodation both of professional men and the public, and with a minute attention to the most recent improvements, by which full effect is secured to musical performances when conducted on a grand scale. By what may be called a propitious coincidence, Mr Bishop, the new Professor of Music, arrived in Edinburgh on the very day when this resolution was come to.Martin's Paintings.--The exhibition of these celebrated paintings in this city has already, we believe, attracted many visitors. They are truly wonderful creations, and possess a power and grandeur of which the engravings, so familiar to the public, convey but a faint conception. In contemplating " the Deluge," the spectator is so [?] [?] [?] the scene, that he is apt to overlook the details; but these will be found on inspection to be among the most interesting features of the picture. The groups of perishing beings are exquisitely wrought, while everything is made to contribute to the terrific grandeur of the catastrophe. The other two pictures--"Pandemonium" and "the Rivers of Bliss," are smaller in size, but equally indicative of the high poetic genius of the artist. Nothing could be more striking than the contrast these pictures present to each other--the one fearful beyond expression, the other exhibiting a heavenly serenity and loveliness on which the eye rests with delight. There are several other valuable paintings in this collection, amongst which is "The Offering Up of Isaac," a Rembrandt in fine preservation.Gordon's British Diorama.--This beautiful exhibition opened on Saturday last, and has, we understand, been crowded with visitors ever since. It will be seen by Mr Gordon's advertisement in to-day's paper, that the view of the Tower of London during the recent conflagration (to which we alluded in our last) has now arrived, and is being exhibited along with the other views.Broughton-place Congregation.--We understand that the call given by BroughtonPlace Congregation to the Rev. Mr Croon, Sanquhar, to be colleague to the Rev. Dr. Brown, has not been accepted, owing to the strong claims which the affectionate people among whom he presently labours have to continuance of his services, and his unfitness, as he alleges, for a charge so laborious; a result which, we learn, has caused among the members of Broughton-Place extreme and general regret.Cooke's Equestrian Amphitheatre, Leith.--Mr Cooke has generously handed over to the Provost, for the benefit of the Destitute Sick Society, the handsome sum of t15; being the free proceeds of Friday evening's entertainment, which took place under the patronage of the Provost and Magistrates.Captain Ross' Discoveries.--Extracts from Captain Ross' despatches have been published in a Parliamentary paper. From the map which accompanies the paper, we gain a more distinct idea of his track than the previous article copied from the Athenean[?]  afforded. South Victoria Land, which he discovered, extends in latitude from 70 1/2 south to 79, how much farther is unknown; and in longitude its eastern coast lies between 163 and 171. Its position is directly south from New Zealand, and at the distance of 1500 geographical miles. The length of the part seen was fully 500 miles. It was girt with a border of ice many miles in breadth, which rendered it inaccessible. The passage southward was closed at latitude 78 by a barrier of ice 150 feet high, which was traced for 300 miles east from Victoria Land. Icebergs were encountered in numbers after they passed parallel of 63, and pack ice at 66. The land " rose in lofy peaks from 9000 to 12,000 feet in height, perfectly covered with eternal snow; the glaciers  descended from near the mountain summits, project many miles into the ocean,  and presented a perpendicular face of lofty cliffs." They could not reach the mainland, but landed on an island, which they found to consist of volcanic rocks. On 28th January, in latitude 77 1/2, longitude 169 E., they discovered a magnificent volcano, emitting smoke and flame in a splendid profusion," and named it Mount Erebus. An extinct one near it was named after the other vessel, Mount Terror. At the distance of less than half a mile from the ice cliffs which barred their progress southward, they had soundings with 318 fathoms. These cliffs, no doubt, reached the bottom, and, including the 150 feet above water, must have had an elevation fo 2000 feet of thereabout. The observations on the dip and declination induced them to place the South Magnetic Pole in latitude 76, and east longitude 153; and they considered its position as well ascertained as if they had reached it, though their nearest approach to it was a point 160 miles from it, on the east coast of Victoria Land. The pole is probably within that region, though this cannot be positively affirmed, as its western boundary is unknown. The highest latitude they reached 78. 4. They were therefore only 12 degrees from the pole and about 4 degrees nearer to it than Captain Weddel[?], the most successful of their predecessors. The Non-intrusion Disclosures.--In the Advertiser  of yesterday there is a letter from J. M. Hog, Esq. of Newliston, and another from the Rev. Dr Simpson of Kirknewton, both expressing their extreme surprise at the letter of Mr Hamilton (which appeared in our last), and strongly disclaiming all connexion with it on the part of the General Assembly's Committee.Sabbath Observance--The Sweetie Case. --We understand that the Government of Prussia, thinking that the mode of keeping the Sabbath in that country was in some respects too lax, recently sent over a person to this country, to learn whether our practise in Britain would not furnish hints for improvement. Unluckily, the very first specimens of our piety which met him were the sweetie case, and that of the poor man Key who was excommunicated for burying his child on Sunday. These will of course figure in the very front of the officer's report as the natural fruits of our system, and we may guess what their effect will be in reconciling the Germans to a stricter observance of Sunday! We can, moreover, inform Butters' prosecutors, that the fame of their exploits has already travelled, by the aid of the Teutonic newspapers, to the uttermost parts of Germany, to the infinite amusement of the Swabian farmers, the Saxon miners, and the shepherds of the Riesengeberge. Key's case is no doubt destined to enjoy equal celebrity.Airdrie--Anti-Corn-Law Conference.--On Monday last, the members of the United Secession Church, Airdrie, favourable to a repeal of the Corn and Provision Laws, met, in compliance with the request of the Committee taking the active management of the Conference to be held in Edinburgh on the second week in January next on that subject, when they unanimously appointed their pastor, the Rev. Matthew M'Gavin, A.M., Mr John Craig Waddell, proprietor, and Mr James Forrester, merchant in Airdrie, to represent their sentiments at that meeting, which is looked forward to with great interest by the liberal portion of the inhabitants of the burgh. The Rev. Mr Taylor, with Messrs Adam Nimmo, contractor, and John Young, bookseller, will represent the Independent congregation; and Mr Thomas Muir, pastor of the Baptist church, will represent that body on that occasion.Kirkcudbright--Address to the Dean of Faculty,--We learn that at a meeting, held on the 17th current, of the Clerks and Procurators of the Steward and COmmissary Courts, an address was voted to Alexander Wood, Esq. on his appointment to the office of Dean of Faculty, and his retirement from that of Steward of Kirkcudbright.Distress in Paisley.--We understand that the Bookbinders of Edinburgh purpose to give a Grand Musical Melange in a few days, the proceeds of which are to be handed over to the committee for the distressed weavers in Paisley.Musselburgh.--Mr Wilson, Treasurer to the "Honest Town," has, by the hands of the district committeesm collected from the contributors to the Prince of Wales fund, nearly t100; and the committees have already distributed 130 tons of coals to the necessitous families in the neighbourhood.Presbytery of Dalkeith--Case of Mr Monroe.--This Presbytery met on Tuesday the 21st current. At a former meeting an agent appeared for Mr Monroe, presentee to Fala, and laid on the table of Presbytery a presentation in his favour to the parish of Fala. It having been objected that the presentation, and some other papers relative thereton, bore, that Mr Monroe was presented merely to the parish of Fala, and not to the united parishes of Fala and Soutra, the agent made his appearance again at the meeting, which was held on Tuesday, with a supplementary presentation, and also a letter acceptance from Mr Monroe. The agent, when asked, admitted that he had not with him a Presbyterial certificate; and he stated, that he would not ask the Presbytery to sustain the presentation with relative papers at that meeting. But he intimated, that he intended to appear at the next meeting, which is appointed to be held on the 22d of February, and he expected to be able to show that the Presbytery should then sustain the presentation and relative documents.Splendid Meteor.--On Tuesday evening, about eight o'clock, a meteor of unusal size and splendour was witnessed in this quarter. The evening was very clear, the sky being without a cloud, and the moon shining brightly. Suddenly, a dazzling blaze of light burst from the sky, illuminating Benlomond and the distant hills, the Curse around Craigforth, and, indeed, the earth and air on every side as far as the eye could reach, with all the brilliancy of noon-day. The phenomenon appeared like a ball of fire, of an oblong shape, and apparently almost twice the size of the moon, having at the time somewhat of the same silvery appearance as that luminary, but flaming with a brilliancy so intense as almost to dazzle the eyes. A tail of fire somewhat resembling that of a rocket, but composed of the most beautifully varied colours, streamed behind it for a short distance, adding much to its spendour, and giving the whole an appearance at once singularly magnificent and sublime. Before it disappeared, it assumed a red glowing appearance, and then burst for an instant enveloping the earth and sky in a blaze as bright and dazzling as the most vivid lightning. It appeared to pass from the south to the north, inclining towards the earth. To the eye it seemed to burst and disappeared above Gargunnock. Another meteor of the same kind, but much less in size, brilliancy, and splendour, was observed falling in a quartr rather farther to the south, a few minutes previously. It is a coincidence worthy of notice, that a meteor, of the same nature with that first described in the above, was seen at the same hour in Glasgow.--Stirly Journal.Glasgow.--The collection made on Sabbath afternoon last, by the Rev. Mr Macfarlane's congregation, Nicholson Street, Glasgow, amounted to t46, 7s. 6d. This sum is the more praiseworthy when it is considered that this congregation has within a few months subscribed among themselves nearly t1000 for the erection of their beautiful place of worship to be called "Erskine Church," of which they are erelong to take possession.The Unemployed in Paisley.--The number of unemployed in Paisley has last week decreased by 43. In Kilbarchan and Barrhead they were still on the increase. The following is the official report of yesterday for Paisley and Barrhead :--Paisley. Males, 1865 Dependants, 4662 --6527 Females, 1680 Dependants, 3360 --5040 Total, 11,567 Barrhead. December 17, 287 ... 23, 346 Increase, 59 --Paisley Advertiser.The Paisley Manufacturing Committee. --This Committee continue to carry on their operations with energy and zeal. The amount of the fund now exceeds t8000, and is still on the increase. They have given out about 700 webs already, and are as busy as possible preparing more. Unable to get a sufficiency of webs warped in Paisley, they have sent for assistance in this respect both to Glasgow and Johnstone. A good deal of work has this week been given to warpers, winders and heddle-casters. They have taken much more spacious premises in Gilmour Street, in order that they may the more easily supply both town and country weavers. It is desirable that the implement fund should be somewhat enlarged, as the other funds of the Committee are not trenched on for that purpose --Ibid.Ducal Generosity.--After the late county meeting at Hamilton, at which addresses were voted to the Queen and Prince Albert, his Grace the Duke of Hamilton and several of those who had attended the meeting visited the jail. One respectable looking female attracted his Grace's attention; and on inquiry he was told that she was the widow of a respectable wood merchant, now deceased, and had been confined for upwards of a year, at the instance of a law agent in Edinburgh, for costs incurred in a suit in the Court of Session. His Grace immediately caused the truth of the poor woman's story to be investigated, and on being satisfied of the facts he caused the debt to be paid by his factor, and procured the woman's liberation, who has thus through his Grace's generosity been restored to liberty and to the superintendence of her young family.--Reformers' Gazette.Presentation.--A number of the members of the United Secession Church, Airdrie, met in their vestry on the evening of Wednesday the 22d inst. when Councillor Brown, in name of the congregation, presented the Rev. M. M'Gavin, A.M., their pastor, with a handsome pulpit gown and cassock, as a mark of their respect and esteem; after which a number of the influential members of the congregation entertained him to supper supper in Mr Witherspoon's King's Arms Inn--Mr Daniel Gray, collector, Coltness Railway, in the chair, and Dr Clarkson, croupier--when the evening was spent in the most friendly, happy, and intellectual manner.A Rescue.--Last week, while the Duke of Hamilton was riding along the wood leading from Hamilton to Bothwell, he heard the screams of a female, and on looking towards the place whence the cries came, he perceived a stout Irishman belabouring a woman in a most unmerciful style. No sooner did he observe this, than he rode up to the scene of cruelty, dismounted from his horse, knocked the savage down, rescued the woman, and sent her home rejoicing, with more money in her pocket than it may have been her lot to possess for a long time. When we recollect that his Grace was born so long ago as October 1767, and so is in his 75th year, we cannot sufficiently admire his gallantry, humanity, and intrepidity--Glasgow Chronicle.Town Council.--The usual meeting of Council did not take place yesterday in consequence of the Christmas holidays.House of Industry.--We understand that Miss Grace Bailie had left a legacy to the Edinburgh House of Industry of ten pounds sterling.Old Church.--The Lords of her Majesty's Treasury have officially intimated to the parties interested their intention to adhere to the original arrangement made with the Town Council, for altering the Assembly Aisle, and rendering it fit to be permanently used as a place of worship for the accomodation of one of the city congregations.Prince of Wales Fund.--In the table of sums subscribed in the different Wards of Police, published in our paper of Saturday last, that indicated for the 26th Ward was t120, 12s. 9d. Mr Lindores, the General Commissioner, requests us to state, that the sum subscribed in his Ward was t275, 12s. 9d., and that the difference between the two sums is the amount of the very handsome subscriptions by the Banks in St Andrew Square, and which were drawn by the Treasurer.Presentation of Plate.--On Friday afternoon, about fifty citizens entertained Mr William Donaldson, of the Albion Cloth Company, to an elegant dinner and dessert, in the Turf Hotel, Princes Street, for the purpose of presenting him with a testimonial of their esteem, subscribed for by the members of the Celtic Lodge, and other private friends. Mr William Wright, hat manufacturer, was in the chair, supported on the right and left by the guest of the evening, Mr Pritchard of the Theatre-Royal, and other gentlemen. Mr Dick of the Albion officiated as croupier. After the usual loyal and preliminary toasts had been given, the chairman called for a bona fide  bumper for the toast of the evening, and, after passing a handomse eulogium on those various qualities of their guest which had endeared him to all his friends, neighbours, and acquaintances, far and wide, presented to Mr Donaldson, in the name of the subscribers, a very elegant and massive silver tea set, of the value of t50. Mr Donaldon's health was then proposed and drunk with warm and friendly enthusiasm. The presentee replied to the compliment in modest and appropriate terms. The company spent an exceedingly happy and convivial night; the chairman and croupier taking care that there should be no flagging in the jovialty. The toasts were suitable to the occasion. Mr Mackenzie's instrumental band played appropriate airs to the various toasts and sentiments; and vocal music, from amateurs, was never wanting; the guest himself being a host in that department. The following inscription is neatly engraved on the various pieces of playe :--"To Mr William Donaldson, R.W.M. of the Lodge Celtic of Edinburgh and Leith, from a number of Masonic and other Friends.--24th Dec. 1841."Theft and Recovery of a Pony.--At a late hour on Sunday night a gentleman residing in the southern part of the town dismounted from his pony at his own gate, and proceeding inwards, leaving the animal to follow, as he was wont to do, to the stable. On looking about, he observed a young man, whom he supposed to be his son, take the reins and mount the pony. Shortly afterwards the son came into the house, and the question of "Where is the pony?" soon convinced the parties that it was stolen. They immediately proceeded in search, and while the gentleman was giving information at the Police-Office, his son discovered the pony with a rider on the North Bridge. He immediately seized the reins and made a clutch at the thief; but the latter very adroitly threw himself off at the opposite side, ran down the Fleshmarket stairs, and escaped.Providential Recovery.--One day last week, a fine little child, about five years of age, belonging to one of the villagers at Ratho, having dandered[?] away with another little play-fellow, like himself, to a little distance from the house, fell into a deep well. His companion was found standing weeping at the edge. The apparently dead body of the little one being got out, was taken home, and all hopes of its recovery given up, when Dr Pringle, and excellent young gentleman, who is presently assistant of Dr Craig at Ratho, made his appearance, and, by applying himself with indefatiguable perseverance, succeeded in recalling the apparently extinguished spark. The next the little romp was as lively as ever.Mungo Park.--A public meeting was held in the town hall of Selkirk, on Monday the 26th current, the Chief Magistrate in the chair; when various resolutions were adopted with the view of erecting a monument or other permanent mark of respect for the memory of this celebrated traveller.Thimble-Riggers.--A band of thimble-riggers from Edinburgh have for several weeks past been infesting the roads in the neighbourhood of Glasgow. They are six in number and one of them, an old man of rather respectable appearance, is generally in advance of the party, and having got into conversation with a passenger on the road, and the others running up, and desiring the old man to try his luck; he does so, and winning a trifle, he easily persuades the person with whom he has been ingratiating himself to try also, and he is soon robbed of his whole spare cash. Information having, on Wednesday last, been given to the Procurator-Fiscal at Pollokshaws, and the gang were on the new Kilmarnock Road, he immediately despatched two rural police officers in pursuit of them. On the officers coming up to the gang, they separated and ran off, but the officers captured two of them (the old man and another), who were safely lodged in Pollokshaws Jail; and having been brought before two of the Justices, and several person having sworn to being defrauded by them of their money, they were sentenced tothirty days' imprisonment in Paisley House of Correction, with hard labour, as rogues and vagabonds; and an active look-out is made by the police for the remainder of the gang.Stoppage of Payments by the Town of Paisley.--Partly on account of the great depression of trade, and partly on account of a run raised by the circulation of malicious and false statements regarding the affairs of the community of Paisley, theTown Council, at a meeting on Wednesday evening, ordered the Chamberlain to susspend receipt or payment of deposits, in the meantime, but to proceed with all possible despatch in realizing the outstanding debts due to the community for the regular payment of the interest on the money borrowed, and other current engagements of the burgh. It is pretty generally known that a small portion of the would-be-political leaders of the town who have not the influence to get themselves placed in municipal authority, have for a good number of years endeavoured to embarass the party in power, by attacking the credit of the community. The unfavourabout state of trade and the leniency of the Council in not enforcing during the last year the exactions on the owners of property, for entries, &c. falling due, caused a deficiency of nearly t300 in the usual amount of revenue. This simple circumstance was taken advantage of, though nothing was lost thereby, and statements prejudicial to the town's credit were placed in the hands of every credito that could be found by the individuals referred to, and thus uncalled for alarm raised. In addition to this, the adherents of the same party in the Council during the last five days gave currency to another statement which they knew to be quite untrue, about the late Provost having commenced to secure himself by drawing a thousand pounds, when the fact was he had not drawn out a penny. From the position to which which the affiars the town are now driven a full and public exposure of these matters will soon be submitted to the creditors. The Council have been negotiating for such a loan of money as will pay off those who are dissatisfied, which in the ordinary state of the money market they would long since have obtained, though at present that is difficult. As regards risk to the creditors, from the best informed quarters we are assured there is none. More than one-third of the whole debts of the town are due to the Bank and the members of Council, or their immediate friends, and fully a half of the debt against the river is due to the same parties. This we should conceive the strongest proof that could be adduced of the confidence of those who should best know the state of the town's affairs.--Glasgow Chronicle.Disgraceful Trick.--At a late wake in the country, a short way from Crieff, a waggish fellow tied a cord secretly to the neck of the corpse and while a number of young men and women present were going on merrily with some sport the wag pulled the cord, when corpse started up in the bed, making the clothes to fly off; the whole party rushed to the door, crying for mercy upon them, and knocking each other over in the hurry, when at length some people came to their assistance, who afterwards discovered the cause of their terror.--Perth Courier.The Church Question.--Long ago, Dr Chalmers let out the secret of the clerical movement, by declaring that very little of Non-intrustion would satisfy him and his friends, provided the independent power of the Church were secured. Now, this liberum arbitrium  does nothing at all for Non-intrusion; but it does a great deal for Church Independence. It confers no privilege on the laity; but it adds immeasurably to the power of the clergy. It is, in fact, the very worst part of the claims that have been advanced by the Church; and its effects would simply be to sacrifice the lay Non-intrusionists on the one hand, and clerical Moderates on the other. It means literally uncontrolled power to the Church The  General Steam Navigation Company's ship Monarch, Captain Fraser, arrived at Granton from London on Monday evening at half-past nine o'clock.Election of a Minister for Old Monk- land.--The election of a minster took place at Old Monkland Church, on Thursday the 23d inst., and the right of patronage being vested in the Heritors and Kirk-Session, the election might be considered a popular one. About 150 voters attended the meeting, and a decided wish having been expressed by, it is understood, the whole of the heritors that no candidate known to be connected with the Non-intrusion party in the Church should be chosen, the meeting, acting upon this principle, unanimously agreed to elect the Rev. Mr Johnston, Greenock, as minister of the parish. Considering the number of voters, the unanimity that prevailed among the electors, it is believed, is without precedent and stongly marks the sentiments and feelings of a large and very populous parish on the present proceedings of the dominant party in th Church. Mr Johnston was proposed by General Pye Douglass of Rosehall, seconded by Mr M'Caul of Daldowie, and unanimously elected.--Reformers' Gazette.Destructive Fire.--About three o'clock on the morning of the 25th curt., an alarm of fire was given at Balmangan Mill, in the parish of Rerwick. The premises are occupied by Mr Kissock, and despite the great exertions of himself, servants and neighbours, the work of destruction proceeded with a degree of rapidity that rendered it impossible to save a single article. The flames in their fury having charred the rafters, the roof fell in with a loud crash; and, before long, the entire mill, with the exception of the side walls, became an unbroken mass of ruins. The building contained a considerable quantity of grain and oatmeal, the property of the tacksman, all of which was unforunately destroyed. As the premises were found quite safe a very few hours previously, suspicion of incendiarism have naturally arisen, but no clue thus far has been found attaching guilt to a single individual. The fire, if wilful, implies the blackest malice, and it is sad to think that any one could have been so wicked as to destroy what thousands are in want of, and would gladly toil for, if they only knew how--daily bread--Dumfries Courier.Hamilton.--Some influential persons in Hamilton and the neighbourhood have subscribed to build an Episcopal chapel in that town. We have been informed that all the requisite arrangements have been made for carrying the views of the subscribers into effect. This is one effect of the conduct of the rebellious majority of the General Assembly. Many of thsoe now friendly to the scheme, never dreamed of espousing Episcopacy, till they have been driven in disgust from the Church of their fathers, by the conduct of their ministers; men who exist in their offices by law, and yet set that very law at defiance, in virtue of which they hold offices, and draw their "temporalities," as they cantingly term their good things, which alone induce some of them, at least, to remain members of the venerable Establishment. Who would have believed, some years ago, that "Black Prelacy" was about to be established within sight of Bothwell Brigg!-----------------------------------------------------------------Another New Field for Emi grationThe Falkland Islands  have been nominally a British colony for some years; but, in consequence of representations made to Government by various persons interested in the trade to the South Seas, a plan has at least been drawn up for establishing a body of settlers in these islands. It was submitted to the late Ministers, who referred it to the Commissioners of Emigration and the Lords of the Admiralty, by both of whom it was approved. Rules were prepared by the Commissioners of Emigration ; a vote of t3750 was put into the estimates for the first year's expense, and, we suppose, passed. If steps have not been taken already to send out emigrants, we presume they will be taken about the beginning of next winter, which is their summer.These islands are about 300 miles from the south extremity of the American continent, in a latitude corresponding with that of London. Their climate, however, very closely resembles that of Shetland. They have cold summers and mild winters. Snow seldom lies in them; but owing to their humidity and want of sunshine, and the stormy winds which blow almost constantly, wheat of barley could not be raised in them, and even oats might turn out to be a precarious crop. It is doubted also if wood will grow, and at present there is not a single tree in the islands. Turnips and potatoes succeed well, and there is an abundance of good grass, upon which some thousands of black cattle, horses, and hogs, thrive in the wild state, and sheep have been introduced and found to do well. Extensive peatbogs exist, which will afford a sufficient supply of fuel. The present population consists of twentyfive persons, young and old--one-half of them British, the other Gauchos, South American Indians of a semi-civilised description. They are all stationed at Port-Louis, a fine natural harbour, where a British officer resides.The islands are numerous, but all very small except two, whose area is estimated at 13,000 square miles, or nearly half the extent of Scotland. They are deeply perforated by arms of the sea, and probably afford a greater number of fine natural harbours than any country of equal extent in the world. Their shores afford excellent fish of many kinds, and seals are exceedingly numerous.The great object in establishing a colony here is to provide a harbour of refuge and place of refitment for our ships frequenting the South Seas, which are yearly increasing in number. Every vessel going to the Pacific Ocean, or coming from it, passes within sight of these islands, or near them. At present 60 or 70 British ships pass these islands annually coming from Chili or Peru, and 20 more engaged in the whale fishery. The trade to New South Wales employs 236 vessels, most of which return to England by this route, which will also be preferred by vessels trading to New Zealand, Van Diemen's Land, Port Philip, and probably South Australia. From Sydney or Hort Town the distance is nearly the same by Cape Horn or the Cape of Good Hope, but the prevalence of westerly winds in the parallel beyond the 30th, renders the latter route the more advantageous on the outward voyage, and the former on the return. The Falkland Islands are about half as distant from Britain as New South Wales.The Emigration Board recommend that Government should send out two surveyors to select an eligible site for a town, and to lay out the land in blocks of half a square mile, which may be subdivided. It is proposed to sell the land to emigrants at 12s. per acre, and to expend part of the money in carrying out additional settlers, part in defraying the colonial outlay. There are 40,000 wild cattle in the largest island, the privilege of shooting which, or catching and taming them, might be sold to the settlers or a company. The climate is uninviting, but there is little doubt that persons accustomed to grazing or sheep farming, or to sealhunting, or deep-sea fishery, might drive a profitable trade here. A vast number of ships, making long voyages, American, French, Dutch, as well as British, pass the islands, and to these it would be a great accommodation to find supplies of provisions and the means of refitting here. Some of our starving population in the North of Scotland or the Islands, might better their circumstances by removing to the Falkland Islands.-----------------------------------------------------------------New Zealand.( From the Morning Chronicle..The dinner given on Saturday by the New Zealand Company to Lord John Russell will serve to remove all apprehensions, if any are yet entertained, with regard to the relations between that colony and the Government of the parent state. Many of the first names in the country honoured this splendid banquet by their presence ; and men of all parties, Tories, Whigs, and Radicals, appeared to be actuated only by one common feeling.The public are now tolerably familiar with the natural advantages of New Zealand, which appears destined to be in the Souther Ocean what Great Britain is in the Northern. Lord Ashburton, with must felicity, observed, " that the position of the New Zealand islands on the map, their climate, fertility, abundant harbours surrounded with the seas most suited to the whale fisheries, and, above all, the character to the native population, led him to anticipate that these islands were likely to become the great seat of wealth and naval power." Lord John Russell was justly complimented, on all hands, for adding these important islands to the great colonial empire of this country.The speech of Lord John Russell was much and deservedly applauded."I believe," said his lordship, "that the foundation of this colony of New Zealand will tend to the honour and dignity of the Crow, and will tend to the prosperity and future greatness of the nation (cheers). It was on this ground, and for these reasons, that I lent my humble efforts in support of those exertions that had been made, and were about to be made, by the New Zealand Company. Gentlemen, in so doing, I should be unworthy of your approbation if I took any extraordinary merit to myself ; for, in the first place, the principle of colonization, the value of colonies to this country, the means they afford of augmenting her strength, of adding to her power, of promoting her wealth, and of increasing her prosperity--all this has been ascertained and demonstrated by the enlightened discussions of past years (hear, hear). With regard to the best mode of colonization, likewise, we have had the advantage and assistance of the most enlightened opinions, and the most adverse discussion I, therefore, can only take to myself the merit of not being blind to the importance and value of those opinions and discussions (hear, and cheers)"But though his lordship speaks thus humbly of his own merits, in recommending the adoption of these islands by the Crown, it was perfectly well understood by all present that, for his conduct with respect to his colony, he has truly entitled himself to the gratitude of his country. Lord Ashburton only paid him a deserved tribute when he complimented him for the sagacity with which he had appreciated the importance of these islands, so soon as he had entered on the administration of colonial affairs, and for the judicious measure of setting up the British flag in them.We may observe that the health of her Majesty's Ministers, proposed by Mr Hutt, M.P., was received with loud and universal cheering, and that Mr Labouchere's speech, which was a very good one, was well received. Upon the whole, Lord John's visit to the City on this occasion is calculated to gain the Government favour among the commercial classes. His lordship may well be proud, that though New Zealand was formally taken possession of in the name of the Sovereign of this country many years ago, it was reserved for him to make it a British colony.-----------------------------------------------------------------Monument to the late Earl of Durhum.--The New Zealand Company have voted t105, towards the erection of the monument to the Earl of Durham--the noble earl having been the first governor of this important company.-----------------------------------------------------------------There is something curious in the preference which the emigrants from England, Scotland, and Ireland display for different localities. The proportions emigrating the countries below are as follows:--Emigrants English Per cent. Scottish Per cent. Irish Per Cent. To United States, 54, 14 1/2, 12 -- Sydney, 17, 21 1/2, 7 -- Canada, 8 1/2, 25, 50 -- Port-Philip, 8, 14, 7As the table expressly bears to be " a return of the persons who have emigrated," we can scarcely suppose that it includes persons who went out to the countries mentioned on business, without any intention of settling. In the report for Canada, the number who went to the United States in 1841, is stated to be only 32,500, or about two thirds of what stands in the above table.It will be observed, that not a single emigrant to India or Ceylon appears in the table; yet surely some persons go with the express view of remaining in these countries.The number of person who were enabled to emigrate in 1841 by means of bounties payable in the colonies, was, for New South Wales 22,752, for Van Diemen's Land 331. It must be remembered that New South Wales includes PortPhilip.There are returns of land sold, but not in a very perfect form. In Canada, in the year 1839, 1840, and 1841, the lands sold were 176,518 acres. The average price was 3s. to 3s. 8d. in Lower, and 12s. to 13s. in Upper Canada; the lands granted without sale were 194,000 acres, exclusive of those for Lower Canada in 1841. In Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Cape Breton, about 200,000 acres have been sold at prices varying from 2s. 3d. to 3s. 8d. The lands granted are inconsiderable.At the Cape, 129,000 acres have been sold in the three years, at prices from 2s. 5d. to 3s. 3d.Lands sold in New South Wales Acres. Average Price. Sydney District--1839, 234,272, 8s 2 1/2d. 1840, 105,900, 18s. 8 1/2d. 1841, 15,790, 20s. 0 1/2d. Port-Philip--1839, 38,343 36s. 6 1/2d. 1840, 83,687, 51s. 11 3/4d. (Six months)--, 53,733, 20s. 0d. 531,930The sales were chiefly by auction.In Van Diemen's Land, the sales in 1839, 1840, were about 130,000 acres, at 10s. or 11s.; in Western Australia (Swan River), in 1839, 1840, 1841, the sales were 71,000 acres, from 6s. 1d. to 11s.; in South Australia, 55,000 acres, at 20s. The sales of land are no bad index of the progress of the colonies in capital and cultivation; and, according to this criterion, it will be seen, that those which were advancing most rapidly in the three years, were Sydney and Port-Philip. The money received in payment of land in these two colonies in 1839 and 1840, amounted to t307,647; and, if we understand the report correctly, the whole of this sum is applicable to emigration, that is, to defraying the expense of carrying out emigrants.The 118,592 emigrants probably carried with them, or expended on their passage, twenty pounds each; and thus the money which left the country must have amounted to upwards of two millions.This gigantic emigration one of the things which convey an idea of the immense resources of Britain. The United Kingdom contains only the ninth part of the population of Europe; and we believe it may be safely said, that all the other eight parts do not send out half the number of emigrants annually which are sent by the British Isles alone.-----------------------------------------------------------------A ustralian Trust Company, Incorporated by Royal Charter, No. 48 Moorgate Street, London.Capital t1,000,00, in 10,000 shares of t100 each, with power to increase the capital to t2,000,000.Directors. Chairman--John Abel Smith,  Esq., M.P. Levi Ames, Esq. . Robert How, Esq. Henry Bainbridge, . Esq. John Innes, Esq. Thomas Byron, jun., Esq. . Francis Mowatt, Esq. Benjamin Green, Esq. . Charles John Pearse, Esq. William Hart, Esq. . Hastings Elwin, Esq., Langford Hovell Hodge, . now in Australia Esq. Auditors. Right Hon. The Lord . Sir Edward Parry, R.N. Mayor. . Nassau William Senior, Abel Lewis Gower, Esq. . Esq. Bankers--Messrs Smith, Payne, & Smiths. Solicitors--Messrs James, Charles, & H. Freshfield. Colonial Board in Sydney. Chairman--Hastings Elwin,  Esq. who was Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors. Alexander Macleay, Esq. . Richard Jones, Esq. Thomas Barker, Esq. . John Lamb, Esq. To be joined by Thomas Icely, Esq. who was a Director here, and who is on his way to Sydney. Solicitor--James Norton, Esq.The Company was established and incorporated (and is now in full operation) to carry out in Australia a principle which has been acted on with great success elsewhere, namely, that of taking up money in this country, at a moderate rate of interest, on the credit of a large invested capital, and laying it out on undoubted freehold security, at a higher rate.The Company is now prepared to grant transferable notes, under the Corporation seal, to persons desirous of advancing Money to the Company on loan. The notes will be for t100 each, or any larger sum desired by the lender, and will be made payable at any period which may be agreed upon, not being shorter than two years. The notes will bear interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum, payable half-yearly (on the 15th January and 15th July), on the production of the half-yearly vouchers, which will be annexed to each note: these vouchers, or coupons, will render it unnecessary for the holder of a note to present the note itself until the principal becomes due. The form of note has been preferred to that of bond, as admitting of transfer without expense or trouble, whilst it affords equal security to the holder.The Colonial Board has been established in Sydney, and the operation of the Company are at present confined to New South Wales.Security being the first object of the Company, all the arrangements have been framed with the view to attain that end.The Loans are made at a fixed interest of 10 per cent, although the current rate is much higher. The land mortgaged (exclusive of collateral security) must not be of less value than double the amount of the loan. The non-payment of interest on the day it becomes due, subjects the mortgager to 2 1/2 per cent, additional interest for the period in arrear; and all parties in default for ten days are to be proceeded against the Solicitor of the Company "without further instructions" and "without distinction or exception of any person whatever." The Colonial Board only draws on the Company, as loans are agreed on; their bills must be advertised for public competition and the purchasers pay the amount, in exchange for the Bill, to the Bank of Australasia (the Capital of which is t1,200,00) to the credit of the Company, to be drawn out by checks of the Colonial Board in favour of the borrowers as the mortgages are completed.The high character of the members of the Colonial Board, affords the fullest assurance that these arrangements will be strictly adhered to in spirit as well as in form; no difficulty has been experienced in investing the full monthly amount sanctioned by the instructions of the Court of Directors: indeed the Chairman of the Colonial Board states that "he does not entertain the smallest doubt of a safe investment of all the funds which may be placed at the disposal of the Colonial Board."The high rate of interest in Australia, has attracted much private capital from this country to be invested in mortgages. These investments have been made through the agency of individuals or mercantile firms, and therefore subject to contingencies from which the Company is exempt. To those who may desire to make such investments, it must be obvois that the stock of the Company presents a much superior security, and the prospect of a greatly increased return, inasmuch as the Company derives a large profit by lending at 10 per cent in Australia, the money borrowed here at half that rate.It is equally clear that those who merely seek temporary employment for their money without becoming shareholders, cannot have a better security than the Promissory Notes of the Company, for the due payment of which, the whole capital of the Company, as well as the mortgages on which the money is laid out, stand pledged. Every shareholder is required to execute in a Deed of Covenant, by which he becomes bound to pay to the full amount of his shares, and the Charter supplies Creditors with the utmost facility in enforcing demands against the Company. When it is considered that the funds of the Company here are kept in Government Securities and no money lent in Australia, except on the best mortgages on land, with collateral security in addition, it may be fairly asserted, that in many respects the Promissory Notes are entitled to a decided preference over mortgages in this country, which generally bear one per cent. less interest than that paid by the Company.The Charter provides that the sums borrowed shall not exceed four times the amount of capital paid up.That the whole capital of the Company, and all the mortgages on which their money is lent, in Australia, shall constitute a security to the lenders of money to the Company.That the mortgages are to be on land, with the power of taking collateral security on stock, &c.That every mortgage shall be registered--the register to contain such particulars as the Governor of the colony may deem necessary.That a copy of the register of the mortgages shall be kept at the office of the Company, in London, for the information of the share-holders and lenders.That an annual report be made to the Lords of the Treasury of all sums borrowed by the Company, and of the appropriation of them.John Innes,  Managing Director. No. 48 Moorgate Street. London, 1st January 1842-----------------------------------------------------------------