Colonial IntelligenceFire at NewfoundlandWe are sorry to state that another most distressing and calamitous fire has taken place at St. John's Newfoundland. Captain Critchelly, of the alliance, arriv-[?] ed at Liverpool from Carbonear, in Newfoundland, [?] which he left on the 22d ult. states that a fire broke out in an uninhabited house in St. John's between one and two o'clock in the morning of the 18th of June and that from the inflammable nature of the house[?] and more particularly of their roofs, it spread with such rapidity, that in the short space of three hours 170 fa-[?] milies were burnt out, besides an immense quantity of produce consumed in various stores and warehouses.We learn from another account, that the fire destroyed the whole of the old part of the town. It broke out near Conder and Tracy's store, and burnt all between that and Messrs Baine, Johnson and Co.'s.Cape of Good HopeAt the present moment, under the prospect of emigration, all intelligence coming from this quarter is of peculiar interest. The letters which reached town [?] Tuesday, mention that the Caffres had commenced [?] tilities anew, and that their numbers were very considerable.Cape Town, May 5. The Caffres have broken out, and a very serious war is carried on at present on the borders. It is said that the savages are to the amount of 50,000, and a detachment of 6000 attacked Graham's Town on Saturday week, about 12 o'clock in the day, but were repulsed, and 150 left dead on the fiel. They carried off 500 wounded. Orders have been issued in every district of the colony for the young boors to inrol themselves to oppose the enemy.Cape Town, May 16. The 13th regiment, commanded by Colonel Wilshire have come up with the main body of Caffres, near Graham's Town and have defeated them with great loss. Since then they have withdrawn from the British territory. The 54th regiment arrived at [?] place a few days ago from England and have since[?] marched off for the frontiers. A large number of infantry have been mounted on horseback to [?] them to pursue more effectually the savages. They are all in excellent spirits. It is reported that our present Governor is going home, and that another has been appointed.Jamaica Papers to the 10th ultimo has reached us, which confirms the sad accounts of the miserable fate of the followers of the fugitive M'Gregor. It appears that the schooner Marsha[?] had brought accounts from San Blas[?], that M'Gregor, after his disgraceful flight from Porto Bello, proceeded[?] in the brig Hero, for St. Andreas, where he arrived on the 7th of May, and left on the 12th, having suffered considerably from the effects of his leap. He promulgated a story that he had been betrayed by some of his Officers, who had [?] Porto Bello ; but added he would soon receive reinforcements from England, when he would retake it.The Blossom arrived on Sunday from the South American station, last from Rio Janeiro, whence she sailed on the 8th of June. She landed about two millions of dollars at Rio Janeiro, from Litna[?] and brought to England about 140,000 on merchants' account. She, and the Andromache, Captain Shirreff, having [?] treasure on board, passed Lord Cochrane's squadron, in the South Seas, but his Lordship did not discover even the slightest intention of interrupting either of the ships. His Lordship's squadron appeared in excellent order ; and it is but justice to his Lordship to state, that he has not resorted to any undue or improper means to man his ships ; but on the contrary in every instance of complaint made to him by the masters of merchant shipping, of any of their crew having deserted to him, he ordered the men to be again instantly sent on board their respective ships.