[ Continued from our last.] Carlisle, July  29.O N Saturday last between three and four o'clock, P. M. happened the most violent hurricane pest, or thunder storm (for we are at a lost to determine its proper name) that was ever known in this borough or its vicinity. We can conceive of nothing but an earthquake, that could be attended with more alarming circumstances. The cloud from the west, or rather a number of clouds of a lowering aspect, furiously agitated, broken, and seemingly ready to fall--attracted the attention, and prepared the mind in some measure for what was to follow. The lightening appeared to those who were at a distance, remarkably red, and seemed to flash from the cloud to the earth and back again, in quick succession or some time, as to appear one sheet of flame. This might have had a great effect on the air, at some miles distance from town, to set it in rapid motion, especially when pressed down by a heavy cloud suddenly falling towards the earth. A very considerable quantity of hail fell; and the rain was so abundant that it seemed as thrown from buckets, and being carried along and dashed against every opposing object by a most impetuous wind, darkened the air in such a manner, that all surrounding objects seemed lost in night. The storm threatened to lay the whole town in ruins, with such irresistible force did the column of air move on: happily however, the damages were much less than apprehended. The The new brick house belonging to the Rev. Dr. Davidson, being an an elevated spot near the west end of the town, and lying directly in the line of march of this powerful column, was the first sufferer; all the parts of the building above the square were suddenly borne off, and a great part of the roof was carried over Mr. Paton's house, which stood at a small distance on the east, striking it forcibly, and injuring it greatly in its ways, and fell on the adjoining lot. Mr. Paton's house is left in much the same condition as the Doctor's. After injruing some smaller buildings in its course to the eastward, the next elevated object to which it pointed its fury, was the presbyterian church in the certain of town--a building of uncommon solidity, calculated, it was thought, to stand for ages, admist all the war of the elements. About a fourth part, however of the roof of the north side was carried off, with the weighty cornice, and thrown to the ground at some hundred yards distance on the east side of the open square which is in the centre of this borough. After leaving the town it beat its course to the public buildings, and greatly injured that range nearest the town. Many fences in the neighbourhood, which were in the line of its direction, were also thrown down; but how far it extended, or what damages the farmers may have sustained we have not yet learned. Let it, however, not be forgotten, that dreadful as the scene was, through the good providence of God, not a single life was lost or any personal injury, worth mentioning, received, and the buildings, it is hoped, will soon be restored to as good a state as they were in before.