 We have this day received Quebec newspapers down to the 24th May, from which the following is extracted:--Quebec, May  20.We hear late accounts from Niagara mention, that the Indians in that quarter are much alarmed in consequence of a message said to be received by them from the States, that they had now raised an army to take their own for Niagara, and that two thousand men of that army were now on their way from New York--desiring the Indians to lye still and look on, and that they would punish those that should interfere.It was also said, that the people of New York were determined of themselves to lay open the post of Oswego, and that emissaries had been employed to persuade the Indians they would be greatly benefited by that event.We are rather inclined to believe the Indians are too sensible of the great benefits already conferred upon them by our neighbours in buying their lands from them, to think of accepting any more from that quarter, and we would recommend it to the new-born Sovereignty on this side the Atlantic, before they testify their impatience, that national treaties, like private agreements, are not to be infringed by one and performed by the other party--Pay and you shall receive.[As to the Americans making an attempt upon Niagara, they have long had it in contemplation to get possession of our posts  upon the lakes in Canada.]May  24.The concerned in the ship Columbia and sloop Washington, have received letters from the Captain Kendrick, dated at Nootka in July last; he informs them, that he passed the winter preceding on the north-west coast of America; that he was then bound on a voyage further northward, and from thence intended to proceed to Canton.--The letters were forwarded to Mexico by a Spanish fleet that had been at Nootka, and from thence to the Spanish Charge des Affaires at New York. They were covered to the President of the United States of America.[From what appeared in our paper of Friday last, (see Glasgow Intelligence, p. 424 )  and what is mentioned above, it seems very probable that the affair of Nootka Sound  had been a preconcerted scheme between the Americans and Spaniards, as Capt. Kendrick addresses his dispatches for the President of the States without making the least mention (from what is made public) of any British ships  being then at Nootka Sound.]