Boston, October  26.Saturday, between the hours of two and three, arrived in town from New-York, the PRESIDENT of the United States.The inhabitants of this metropolis have now the happiness to felicitate themselves on having among them the virtuous General, who delivered their capital from the oppression of a British foe; and in the same person the magnanimous President of the United States of America.--The President left New-York on Thursday the 15th instant, to visit the Eastern States, attended ouly by his two private secretaries and servants--Actuated by the principles of a true republican Patriot, and considing in the ardent affections of the citizens in the States through which he had to pass, he had it in vic??? travel without thetemporary parade which his dignified station might justly clam but wherever he came his merits were already known, and the people, with heartfelt joy, and high approbation of his virtues, saluted him the Defender of their Freedom and Independence. --The worthy Governor of this Commonwealth haivng an exalted estimation of the virtuous President, and although much indisposed as to his health, was determined to shew the President the honours of the government in a stile suitable to his dignity; accordingly he ordered the troops of Middlesex horse to escort him through that county, and permitted General brooks to exhibit to the President on Cambridge Common, as he passed, a fine body of the militia of the 3d division, consisting of about 1000 men, all in complete uniform and equipment. The President was honoured with a salute as he passed them. The Governor requested the Lieutenant Governor and the Council, to meet the President at Cambridge (and would have accompanied them himself hand his health permitted) whither they were escorted by col. Tyler's corps of the horse. The Lieutenant governor and Council met him there, and preceded the President under the escort of horse, and introduced him to the capital of the commonwealth.From the best accounts we are able to collect, we present the following as theOrder of Procession.The Independent company of Light Infantry commanded by Major Otis. The Independent Fusiliers, commanded by Cap- tain-lieutenant Laughton. The Independent Cadets, under the command of Major Scollay. Company of Artillery, commanded by Captain Johnson. /[Altogether commaned by Colonel Bradford.] Music. Constables of the town. Deputy-Sheriffs. The Select-Men. Town-Clerk. Committee of Arrangements. The High Sheriff. the Council of the Commonwealth. The Lieutenant-Governor Marshal of Massachusetts District. The PRESIDENT on horseback; with his Suite. Overseers of the Poor. Town-Treasurer. Magistrates. Consul of Holland. The Reverend Clergy. Physicians, &c. Lawyers. Merchants, shopkeepers, and Traders. Then followed the Artizans, Tradesmen, nufacturers, &c. of the town, in order, with flags, &c.On the President's arrival at the State-house, he ascended a temporary balcony, adjoining the gallery, where were a select choir of singers, who, upon the President's appearance, sang the followingODE to Columbia's Favourite SON.1. Great Washington, The Hero's come, Each heart exulting hearts the sound, Thousands to their Deliverer throng, And shout him welcome all around! Now its full chorus join the songs, And shout aloud great Washington.2. There view columbia's favourie Son, Her Father, Saviour, Friend, and Guide! There see th' immortal Washington ! His Country Glory, Boast, and Pride Now in full chorus, &c. 3. When the impending storm of War, Think clouds and darkness hid our way, Great Washington, our Polar Star, Arose; and all was light as day. Now in full chorus, &c.4. 'Twas on your plains they valour rose, And ran like fire from man to man; 'Twas here thou humbled Paria's foes, And chac'd whole legions to the main! Now in full corus, &c.5. Thro' countless dangers, toils and???Our Hero led us safely on--With matchless skill directs the wars, 'Till Vict'ry cried--The day's his own! Now in full chorus,&c.5. His country sav'd, the contest o'er, Sweet peace restor'd his toils to crown, The Warrior to his native shore Returns, and this his fertile ground. Now in full chorus, &c.7. But soon Columbia call'd him forth Again to save her sinking fame, To take the helm, and by his worth To make her an immortal name! Now in full chorus, &c.8. Nor yet alone thro' Paria's shores Her fame, her might trumpt blown; E'en Europe, Afric, Asia, hears, And emulate the deed he's done! Now in full chorus, &c.After which, the procession passed by the President, under the gallery, and then dispersed, highly satisfied with the occasion of their assembling, and fully participating in the joy of the day.The Independent Companies then escorted the President to his residence in Court-street--fired three vollies, and then dismissed.In the evening the several public houses in State-street were illuminated, the Coffee House, Bunch of Grapes, Eastern Coffee House, &c. together, which mad a beautiful appearance.Fire works were also displayed in the said street.Rockets were likewise thrown from the French ships in the harbour, and from Castle William.Two French frigates, L'Active and Le Sensible, were delightfully illuminated, the former with several hundred lamps, judiciously arraigned.It is supposed the number assembled upon the above occasion, amounted to 24,000 persons. No unfavourable accident happened during the whole scene--that we have heard of.The regularity and good order in the procession afforded to the marhals the highest satisfaction, as well as to the numerous spectators.