From the New York Journal. Winchester, Oct. 20.By recent intelligence from Kentucky we learn that a short time ago an American vessel was seized at New Orleans, and her cargo disposed of by the Spaniards. Also, that the troop which went out against the Indians had, not far from the banks of the Ohio, fallen in with about forty of them, whom they made their prisoners, after a slight resistance; and that having washed them, 15 turned out to be white men.Philadelphia, Nov  9.We hear from undoubted authority, that a considerable loan has been negotiated in Holland for the service of these United States.Albany, Nov. 4.The Legislature of Vermont have resolved to pay to the State of New York 30,000 dollars, agreeably to the first proposition contained in the declaration of the Commissioners of this State, appointed to declare the consent of the Legislature thereof, that a certain territory within the jurisdiction of the State of New York be erected into a new State on the 17th of October last; in consequnece whereof, all rights and titles to lands within the State of Vermont, under grants of the late colony of New York, or from the State of New York (except such grants as were intended as confirmations of those from New Hampshire) cease and determine. The Legislature have also resolved, that a Convention be called for taking into consideration the constitution of the United States; the members to be elected in December, and the Convention to Meet the first week in Jauary. The Legislature have adjourned to meet again on the first Thursday in January, for the purpose (we suppose) of choosing Senators, and affixing the time and manner of electing Representatives for Congress.New York, Nov. 18.The following resolution has passed the House of Representatives of the State of Virginia now in session: Resolved, That so much of this act, entitled, "An Act, making provision for the provision for the debt of the United States in their redemption of the public debt, is dangerous to the rights, and subversive of the interest of the people; and demands the marked disapprobation of the General Assembly."Portland, Nov. 15.The stone work of the light house, at the entrance of our harbour, is now completed. On Tuesday the 9th instant, the last stone was laid by Mr. Nichols, of this town, master builder. The work is extremely well executed. The lighthouse is now 70 feet high. To this the lanthorn, which is to be six feet in diameter, will add about 15 feet, 85 feet in whole. The lanthorn is now preparing, and will probably be raised and lighted by the first of next month.Baltimore, Nov. 23.A society of respectable gentlemen of this place have raised an adequate fund for the establishment of an extensive manufacture of gunpowder, and the necessary mill-works will be speedily erected in the vicinity of this town. This important insituation will not only prove highly advantageous to this State and town, but may, if properly encouraged, become a national benefit.York (Pennsylvania), Nov  10. From Wright's Ferry we learn, that about four o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, as a boat was coming from the East side, a most tremendous storm arose when she was about half way over, by which means she was soon filled with water, and sunk. there was six passengers and the??? in her (besides a small light waggon and three horses, viz. a clergyman, the owner of the waggon, with his wife and three children; when the storm came on, the woman and children took shelter in the waggon, but it continued to blow with such violence that the waggon was torn out of the boat, and the body having by chance got loose from the carriage, and being pretty tight, floated some distance till its progress was stopped by a rock; the husband, viewing the melancholy situations of his wife and children, resolved to relieve or perish with them, and quitting the boat swam to the waggon, cut open the cover with his knife, and with difficulty kept their heads above water till they were relieved by a boat from the West side; by this time the ferry-boat had entirely disappeared; the Clergyman just as he found the boat sinking mounted his horse, one of the boatmen mounted on one of the waggon horses, and by this means preserved themselves till they were relieved by a boat; the other boatman of the name of Tim Sulivan, depending on his skill in swimming got up an oar, but it is thought he is drowned, as he has not since been heard of; the boat was found in the falls, and one of the waggon horses that had been given up for lost, was found next day some distance below the falls, with all his geers on, and does not appear to have received the least injury.Extract of a letter from Sunbury, NorthumberlandCounty (Pennsylvania), dated Nov. 13."One of the men who murdered the Indians at Pine Creek, was tried on Saturday evening, and though a number of witnesses clearly proved the hand he had in perpetrating the horrid deed, and the confession of his counsel at the bar that confirmed it, yet, notwithstanding an express charge from the judges to bring him in guilty, the jury in a few moments returned with a verdict in his favour, and a subscription to pay the costs of the suit, that he might be immediately set at liberty; and all this from a most absurd idea, which the Attorney General, with all his endeavours, could not beat out of them, that the crime was not the same to kill an Indian as a white man: for some minuets the Chief Justice was mute with astonishment. How the State can pacify the Indians now, Heaven knows, while at this moment the other murderers are at large in this country, and no one will arrest them."