Norfolk, April  11. This day arrived the ship Albion, John Simmons, master, in 47 days from Rotterdam; on the 8th lying to in a heavy gale of wind, the Albion shipped a sea, which carried away all her boats and every loose article from the deck; there were three men of the watch, one of whom is washed overboard and perished--his name is John M'Naught, and belonged to Greenock.Extract of a letter from a gentleman at the falls of  the Ohio, to his relation inWinchester, Virginia.  dated April  13, 1791."I wrote to you from Fort Pitt, which place we left the 3d. inst. in company with two other boats, and proceeded to Limestone, without meeting or apprehending danger--at that place we were informed of several disasters which had befallen boats going down the river, and one to a boat going up to a French station, loaded with bacon, butter, &c. The particulars relative to the latter are as follow--The boat was attacked by about 60 or 70 Indians, and the flankets that were on shore as a guard were fired on by them. --Immediately after firing, they gave the Indian whoop, and rushing on the flankets, scalped them every one (about 22)-- they then fired at the boat, but did no damage, as it required some time to make their way into the river. After the savages had executed this terrible act of barbarity, they continued on the river watching for other boats. In the course of about six days, five or six boats happened to come down the river--the savages attacked the foremost of them, in which were two young ladies, of the name Macdonald, a young gentleman, and some others, passengers, and took it. Elevated with this easy capture, they imagined themselves capable of taking every boat they might fall in with--In a little time a second boat hove in fight, which they attacked with great fury--they were in three canoes, each canoe containing about twenty--they moved towards the boat, as it came down, and commenced firing; after discharging their guns, they retreated, loading and came on a second time, fired and repeated nine different times; as often as they come on, there was a brisk firing kept up from the boat, which contained nine fighting men;--during the conflict two were killed, and five wounded; two only remained to protect the boat, and prevent the Indians from boarding it, which every appearance of their conduct plainly indicated--These two brave fellows exerted themselves in a peculiar manner--on a near approach of the ???, they threw billets of wood at them, and one of them took up an ax, as a weapon of defence, should they persist in boarding, which the Indians perceiving, and, as is supposed, their ammunition being expended, they retreated, without accomplishing their object."These inhuman monsters, previous to their attacking the last mentioned boat, placed the two young ladies in front of their canoes, in which situation they were both killed. A few days after this transaction, they fired at another boat, and killed one young man. In short, every boat tat has gone down the river lately, has been fired at, except our's. We saw no Indians; the places where the above depredation happened we passed in the night."Boston, May  4. It is supposed that the adventures of the town of Boston, lost 25,000 dollars in the late lottery; besides 'wear and tear' of conscience.Salem, May  31. His excellency our worthy overnor perceiving, with his usual discernment, that Lotteries have a tendency to withdraw the people's attention from industry, the only certain source of wealth and prosperity; and also that they operate as a??? ??? ???, ??? ???and embarrassed being??? the ??? aventurers; suggests, in??? ??? the Legislature, the propriety of discontinuing this mode of raising money.The states of Connecticut and New Hampshire have passed laws, prohibiting the sale of lottery tickets of other states, in their states.Bennington, May  30. A gentleman from the northward informs, that the part at the British post lately holden in this state, has recently been recalled.Baltimore, May  27. Colonel Jacob Webb, and Captain Miller, formerly of Stamford, in Concecticut, Mr. John Carmel, of Philadelphia, merchant, and several other gentlemen, with a negro boy, were drowned, on the 9th of March last, in St. Mary's river (Georgia) occasioned by the oversetting of a boat, in a sudden flaw of wind.Boston, May  25. On Friday last, the venerable Mr. John Simonds, of Salem, entered the one hundredth year of his age. He is the only male person who has arrived at that great age from the first settlement of the town by the English, in 1629, to the present day.New York, June  9.General Washington, on his tour to the Southern Sates, landed at Charlestown, South Carolina, in a barge decorated for the purpose, with colours and pendants, and rowed by twelve American Captains and a Cockswain, all dressed in blue silk jackets, black silk breeches, white stockings, and blue roses to their shoes. They had likewife hold laced hats; with silk bandeaus, with the motto, Long live the President. An immense number of people assembled near the Quay, and on board the vessels in the river, which, as well as works, saluted him with several discharges of artillery. The day was afterwards devoted to conviviality--The lodge of St. John addressed his Excellency as follows:--" Right Worshipful Sir, "We the Master, Officers and Members of St. John's Lodge, No. 2 of Newbern, beg leave to hail you welcome with three times  three ! We approach you not with the language works have proved you to be the true and faithful Brother, the skilful and expert Craftsmen, the just and upright Man.But the powers of eloquence are too feeble to express with sufficient energy, the cordial warmth with which our bosoms glow towards you--We therefore most frevently wish--more ardently and devoutly pray, that the Providence of the Most High, may strengthen, establish and protect you in your walk through life--and when you are called off from your terrestrial labours, by command of our divine grand master, and your operations sealed with the mark of his approbation, may your soul  be everlastingly refreshed with the streams of living water which flow from the right hand of God. And when the Supreme Architect of all world's shall collect his most precious jewels, as ornaments of the Celestial Jerusalem--may you eternally shine among those of the brightest lustre."To which the President returned the following answer:--" Gentlemen, "I receive the cordial welcome which you are pleased to give me, with sincere gratitude. My best ambition having aimed at the unbiassed approbation of my fellow citizens, it is peculiarly pleasing to find my conduct so affectionately approved,, by a fraternity whose association is founded on justice and benevolence.In reciprocating the kind wishes contained in your address, be persuaded, that I offer a sincere prayer for your present and future happiness."George-Town. April  30.Yesterday morning, about one or two o'clock, the ship Termagant, belonging to the house of Messrs. Claggen, lying in the stream opposite this town, was discovered on fire. The inhabitants of the town and the seamen in the harbour speedily collected, but on account of a quantity of powder that was on board, the efforts that otherwise would have been exerted to extinguish the flames were withholden. The first soon communicated itself to the powder; and the explosion was so severe as sensibly to shake mot of the houses in the town. The cinders and pieces of the ship were flying in every direction, and it and it was with the greatest difficulty that in counting, store and dwelling houses, on the water side, were prevented from sharing a similar fate with the ship. The extensive tobacco trade warehouse, the property of Francis and Charles Loundes, situated at some distance from the water, wherein upwards of1000 hogsheads of tobacco were stored, was several times, in different places, on fire, ut happily extinguished without sustaining much damage. The loss, occasioned by this alarming element, must be great indeed, as the ship was large and nearly new; besides, there were goods to a considerable amount, and a pretty large sum of money on board of her: all of which (excepting a part of the money, which has since been found) was destroyed. We are informed that this accident proceeded from the steward's falling to sleep and leaving a candle burning in the cabbin, which by some means or other, set fire to the sails that were stowed there. It had got far advanced before it was discovered. Providentially no lives were lost.Pittsburgh, May  21. A letter received in this town, on Sunday last, from Lieut. Jeffers, at Fort Franklin, mentions, that an Indian had arrived there, who brought him intelligence that 300 warriors of the Chippawa and other nations had set out for war and that they were determined to strike on the Allegheny or Ohio, near Petersburgh; that 1000 men were preparing, but their destination was not known.