EXTRACTS FROM LATE NEWSPAPERS.New York, July  5. This city and its vicinity were exceedingly alarmed, last Sabbath, about four o'clock, M. P. by a tremendous westerly tornado, which continued about 20 minutes, twisting off limbs of trees, unroofing houses, and tumbling down chimneys in various parts of the city. Unused to such unruly gusts, the citizens, particularly the fair, were thrown into a momentary d???ation. Terrible was the havoc on the water--in vain did the Sabbath breakers  cry for mercy--in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, were they hurried to the bottom, and melancholy was the scene. It is said that 29 persons lost their lives in this neighbourhood, but we have not been able to ascertain who they were for certainty. Report says, that a Mr. Wade, his wife and two of their children, his brother, and a young man, were all, except the last mentioned, drowned from one boat near Yellow Hook, a few miles from the city. It is also said, a sloop overset with 16 persons, all but one of whom were drowned. We learn that the??? extended to Philadelphia, that ship was driven from her moorings there and sunk, and that the road from thence to this city, shrewn violent tokens of its visitation.July  14. The society for promoting the manufacture of maple sugar, met at Albany, July 3, have granted 75 dollars, bounty, to Thaddeus Scribner, of Herkermer county, for having produced 600 lb. of grained maple sugar, of superior quality-- of 50 dollars to Comfort Cook, of Otsego, for producing sugar of equal quality, but a less quantity --and of 25 dollars to J. Harris, and R. Huntley, of Saratoga county, for the third rate quantity. The society resolved, to exhibit samples from each of these parcels to the legislature at their text session, in order to induce them to give larger bounties, for the further encouragement of this important manufacture.Aug.  4. On Saturday last, arrived in this city, directly from Scotland.--Nesbit, Esq. a gentleman who comes warmly recommended by the celebrated Dr. Robinson, and several other literary characters of eminence in that country, as a master of the science of canaling, from several years experience both in Holland and in Scotland. The President of the Northern Inland L.?.Company, attended by Mr. Nesbit, and a commitee of Directors, left this city, this morning on a tour, to explore the rive from Troy upwards, for the purpose of prosecuting the canals with spirit the remaining part of the season, and making preparations for its more active prosecution in the ensuing year.Philadelphia, July  12. Accounts from South Carolina and Georgia, with regard to their prospects of the ensuing crops, are very unfavourable, no rains of any consequence having fallen in the more eastern disctricts of these states since the beginning of April; at which time the low country was, in a manner inundaed. The Indigo plantations, when the last vessels sailed, were almost despaired of, for the next crop, and the rice swamps promised not much better.July  18. We are sorry to learn from New York, that spirit of party, respecting a late election of Governor" of the State, has arisen to such a height as to have occasioned several duels a week. On Thursday morning last, Colonel W??? and Mr. Wilcocks, both of New York, had a meeting, and exchanged pistol shot, but their friends in???prevented any bad consequences.--Colonel Willet is friendly to Governor Clinton's election, which Mr. Wilcock opposes. We hear from Maryland that a number of gentlmen of the state are about establishing a society in Port-To??? for the dissemination of useful political knowledge, the study of the constitution of their country, and the keeping up among the people if possible, a knowledge of their rights as free citizens of the greatest, and perhaps the only, true republic in the universe.August  6. On Thursday morning, was witnessed a very melancholy event at Mr. Henry Kizer's power mill, in lower Merion township, Montgomery country, between the hours of 9 and 10. There was a large quantity of powder in the mill, which by accident took fire and blew up with a great explosion, which was heard at Schuylkill ferry, and was there supposed to be an earthquake. Mr Kizer, and three others who were in the mill, were blown to pieces; and a Mr. Henry Fraily, a copartner of Mr. Kizer, was so wounded that his life is dispared of. A young woman who happened to be near the mill at the time it blew up, had both her legs broken, and was otherwise very much injured, by one of the rafters which was carried from the building in the violence of the explosion.Petersburgh, July10. We learn from North Carolina, that a fire broke out in the town of Washington, on Wednesday the 27th ult. which burn nearly half the town.--The loss in houses, goods, &c. is said to be very considerable.???sburgh, July 21. Extract of a letter from Captain Paul, of the State Levies, dated Middle Block house, of the frontiers of Washington country, July 16, 1792.""The Indians on Tuesday last killed two men and one woman, and stole seven horses between the states of Crays Creek and Col. Shepherd's in Ohio county, Virginia.--Lieut. Gray and fourteen of my men followed them over the Ohio, as far as the head of the Soufish, but the Indians being on horseback they returned without coming up with them. On Saturday last, at Dilly's station opposite the mouth of Grave creek, the Indians came into one of the houses and killed four and wounded one; the number of Indians was suppos ed to be twenty. It is thought they will strike this quarter. To-morrow morning I intend to start with a party to try and fall in with them."Martinsburgh, July  24. We are informed, that one day last week, a Mr. Barret, living near the South Branch, accidentally shot his wife;--he was fixing a flint to his gun, and incautiously dragging the trigger, not knowing the gun was loaded, discharged the whole contents into her body, and she died in a few moments after--the unfortunate woman had a young child at her breast, but it providentially received no injury. Alexander M'Gillivray advertises for a tutor, willing to instruct Indian children in the rudiments of the English language; and the first principles ofarithmetic. In the advertisement, this chief??? ??? ??? ??? of the Creek nation.