Extracts from the New-York Daily Advertiser.Pittsburgh, Sept. 7.SUNDAY last arrived an express in this town from the commissioners who were sent to treat with the Indians: he had left the commissioners on this side of Lake Erie, that day eight days. They had been met at Niagara by Indian commissioners, and with them had sailed in separate vessels to the mouth of Detroit river 18 miles from Detroit, where our commissioners were directed to remain, until an asswer should be brought from the great council of Indian nations assembled at the rapids of the Miami and the Lake. On the 2d of August an answer was brought to this effect that the only terms onw hich peace could be made was our ceding the country on the west of the Ohio and Allegheny rivers. The commissioners suggested the impossibilities of doing this, as the lands had been sold by the Congress, and people had settled on them, but that the United States would be willing to give more goods than they had given at any other time. The Indians replied that if the Congress would give one half these goods to the people that had settled, the would leave the land, and remove the difficulty. Our commissioners replied that the land they must have, and would not give it up. The Indians said it was well, and there need no more be said. However desired them to remain if they thought proper until they returned to the council, and laid this before them. On the 16th of August two Indians came and informed that the final result of their deliberations was the country in question or war. The express is of opinion from the language of individual Indians in private, and from other circumstances, that the British wholly conduct their council, and dictate their demands. By the arrival of some person from Fort Washington on Monday last, we are informed, that the Indians still contiue hovering about our garrisons, and occasionally stealing horses, that the army is in high spirits, anxiously waiting the event of the treaty, and hoping that a campaign will take place, as no idea of peace is entertained by any one; that the greatest pains has been taken by the commander in chief, in training his men in the act wood fighting, and that from their proficiency, and the???imity prevailing throughout the whole army, success may be expected should a campaign take place.New York, Sept. 17. A Mr. Spier was removed from his lodgings in this city on Sunday last to Governors Island, where he died this morning. He arrived from Philadelphia last Thursday, was seized with Fever on Friday.--The Doctors pronounced it the malignant putrid fever, and the event prov ed their opinion to be just. According to a list published of the births and deaths in the several religious societies of Philadelphia it appears that from August 1, 1792 to August 1, 1793, the Births amounted to 2511, and the Death to 1467."Philadelphia, Sept. 21. The stages for New-York returned to this city, with all the passengers (mortified and fatigued.) One of the drivers had a very narrow escape with his life, being cruelly fired upon at Trenton; the ball passing within a few inches of his head! The ladies, &. have been without any refreshment on the road, as the panic and terror with which every mind is possessed, by the writings and measures above alluded to, prevented their obtaining any accommodations on the road--O tell it not in Gath! declare it not in  the streets of Askelon ! Ye New Yorkers  and ye Baltimorians, you have been generous to strangers; but forgot the charitable and fraternal attention due to your own fellow-citizens!"Sept. 25.Extract of a letter from a gentleman who lately left his  city, on his way to the southward."We were stopped about seven miles from Baltimore by armed men, who used us with every indignity and hatred, truly indicative of malice prepense. These detained us in the stage from five to the afternoon until ten the ensuing morning; during this interval, one of these ruffians, who appeared to be a German, snapped his piece at one of this party who seemed inclined to leave the stage with an apparent design to go among the bushes nears the road; this guard, in their tender mercy, wre pleased to hand us a piece of dry cheese, on the end of a pitch-fork. After this quarantine, we were permitted to go to Gray's Garden, and there to perform another, for the space of two days and nights."New-York, Sept. 28.Extract of a letter from Philadelphia to a gentleman in  Baltimore, dated the 20th instant."You request I would endeavour to give you a parti cular account of the state of the city in general and the rise and progress of the malignant fever now raging here."I believe it will be difficult precisely to determine its origin; but it is generally admitted to have been imported from Cape-Francois, in a vessel which came to a wharf betwen Arch and Race-street, beause the infection broke out ina house connected with that vessel, and it was afterwards traced to that vessel. The disorder overtook several families thereabouts. But most people apprehended it to be the general fall-fever, which acted severly on those who had the influenza--To that there was no material danger apprehended until the death of Peter Ashton, in Vine-street, who after a short illness, died about one month past; after which the disorder was clearly discovered to be the putrid or yellow fever, and each person became after of his neighbours, insomuch that if any became sick they were avoided, and many fled from the sick, leaving them in adestitute situation, perhaps shut up in a house, and the neighbours alarmed, merchants and housekeepers moved into the country, and fear was stamped on every countenance--infirmness possessed the hearts of the people--little business was done except packing up--engaging waggons to move goods into the country, and searching for shelter for their families; many families set off without having a particular place to go to. Thus the country became alarmed. Individuals died in the country--but I cannot learn ?hat it spread there."The overseers duty became exceedingly heavy, and several of them were taken sick; others abandoned their post, and the business bore very hard on the remaining few. Finding deaths increasingly abundantly, they procured carpenters to make coarse coffins by the do???. The malady still increasing in Water, Front, Race and Vine-street, threatened desolation in those quarters. The overseers, moved by the distresses of the helpless, took possession of Bush-Hill mansion (it being empty) and erected a hospital, employed some physicians and nurses; sent out some accomadations, and provided for interring the dead."The overseers became inadequate to the business by reason fo fear; few in number, and the funds exhausted; added to this the extravagant wages of the nurses, two and three dollars per day, most of the magistrates fled; the house of employment and hospital shut their doors against all indigent and indisposed persons. Thus were the people, who had been private patientes on the poor list, abandoned and had no sheltering place, and those who were slightly indisposed, were sent to Bush-Hill and became victims with many others."The inhabitants were requested to meet by public advertisement, and a committee of 40 was appointed to take charge of the Bush-Hill hospital, and to relieve the distressed in the city and its vicinity they became organized, Ianto693 negociated a loan in the bank, two of the number voluntarily offered their service to see the business of Bush-Hill properly conducted; bedsteads were procured, the house cleaned, matrons appointed and nurses under their direction; an apothecary, with medicine, &c. and four physicians to attend once a day. The remainder of the committee attend at the State House, receive information from the committee at Bush - Hill, and supply their demands; receive all sheets, shirts, &c. &c. at the State-House, also keep a supply of ready made coffins to furnish as occasion required. Several carts are procured for the various purposes of carrying out the sick whom the doctors pronounce to have the fever, of disposing the corps,and for carrying provisions and other necessaries to and from the hospital. THere is also a house fitted up, and under the care of a matron, to be for the use of those children whose parents have died with the fever; as all their relations and neighbours are shy of them; the governor has directed the State Treasury to be open for their use, and they to be accountable to him for their expenditures.--The city seems quite solitary, and business at a stand; deaths numerous, and no parade at the interment of any; the bells do not ring, nor is there any invitations to the funeral of any. I think about 1000 have died since the disorder first made its appearance, but it cannot be ascertained with precision; and we think between 15 and 20,000 removed from their habitations."The doctors suppose the disorder a little checked by the cool weather; how that is I know now." By a passenger, arrived from Albany this morning, we learn that, in order to prevent the introduction of the Yellow Fever in Albany, they have formed Committees, and fixed a Gun-Boat at some distance from the city, where all vessels are stopt till the Doctors examine the passengers--And, that Colonel Hamilton and Lady were arrived, but were denied admittance into the city, and had taken lodgings at a Mr. M'Gown's, at Green-Bush.October  2.Extract of a letter from a gentleman in Philadelphia, to  the Printers of this PAper, dated September 28."The papers must have amply informed you of the melancholy situation of this city, for five or six weeks past. Grave digging has been the only business carrying on; and ndeed I may say of late Pit digging, where people are interred indiscriminately in three tiers of coffins. From the most accurate observations I can make upon matters, I think I speak within bounds, when I Say eighteen hundred persons have perished (I do not say all of the yellow fever) since its first appearance on the 3d of August, in North Water-street; others think a larger number--but I confess we are a good deal in the dark on the subject at present, and it will take some time to have accurate returns made."People have been hitherto so panic struck, that little has been attnded to but the means of self-preservation; gloom and melancholy is on every persons countenance; nothing but the yellow fever is talked of; the street are often seen without a passenger; the wharfs are deserted, the markets miserable and uncommonly high, and nearly one half the citizens departed. The city is truly republican; pomp and distinction have in a great measure disadpeared, and bad Plato himself come among us to preach up the practice of true republicansim, his lectures could not have had a greater effect upon the minds of men than the present mortality."We make use of no other precaution for avoiding the contagion, than not going into infected houses--keeping our own well aired, clean, and frequently having the walls, white-washed. considering the general terro, I have more than once felt my pulse, to discover whether I was really alive or not; however I now begin to hoep we may escape, as cool weather is fast approaching, and one-street in general healthy."Of all things, this yellow fever is the most insidious--its approaches are generally gradual--a person imagines himself well when he is dying--other loss the use of reason entirely, and die in that situations. with those few that recover its effects are long left. It acts like a steeltrap--when once it gets hold of a person, it does not easily let him get off.Philadelphia, Oct. 7.Died of Sunday the 29th ult. Samuel Powell, Esq. Speaker of the Senate of this commonwealth, a gentleman of a benevolent disposition, an improved mind, a sound understanding, and an honest heart.Died, on Friday evening, after a short illness, with the present maligant fever at Mrs. Grant's,--Mr Chase a yong gentleman of respectable connections of Baltimore.Winchester, Sept. 20.Extract of a letter from our correspondent at???Creek Territory, South of the Ohio, dated Sept. 4."Times here were but a gloomy aspect. The???le daily harassed by the Indians. On the 27th of August a party, consisting of about 300, killed Lieut. Janks Tedford, of the United States troops, and a Mr. JAckson, as they were gathering corn in a field for their horses, near Henry's stations--They have lately burnt many houses on the Nine Mile, and destroyed a prodigious quantity of wheat, rye and corn. WE hope Governor Blount on his return to this territory, will be invested with power to desstroy these barbarous tribes."From the same, dated Sept. 14."On the 30th of August, some Indians killed one young woman and scalped another, in Washington county; and on the 5th instant, a part of them wounded four persons, and scalped one, about nine miles from Green Court - House; a house was also attacked by them, but they were forced to retreat by the owner thereof and one of his daughters, who fired several rounds, and wounded some of them. On the 16th, another party of the savages killed a woman and child, on Nine-Mile."New-York, Oct. 16. Monday evening last, a number of persons assembled in the fields, when they commenced the demolition of Mother Cay's house, which in a short time was intirely resed to the ground floor; the furniture, beds, clothing, &c. were all destroyed. another house of ill fame tenanted by Mother Giles, under went a similar fate. It is aid that three persons were wounded, one dangerously, from the firing of small arms, by some persons who were placed in the house for its defence.--We lament that our worthy Mayor, received some injury, in endeavouring to disperse the people.