MONDAY, J AN. 7. By the Fanny, Capt. Bryen, arrived in twenty four days from New York, we have American papers, of which we give the following important intelligence:--It is an undoubted truth, (Strange as it may appear) that the Baron D'Carondolet, Governor of Louisiana, and Governor O'Neal, of Pensacola, have opened the shores of the King of Spain, in West-Florida, to the Creeks and Cherokees, and delivered them arms and ammunition in abundance, advising and stimulating them to go to war against the frontier inhabitants of the United States, and that quickly, that now or never was the time, while the United States were engaged with the northern tribes.On the 30th of September, about midnight John Buchanan's station, four miles south of Nashville,) at which sundry families had collected, and fifteen gunmen) was attacked by a part of Creeks and Lower Cherokees, supposed to consist of three of our hundred. Their approach was suspected by the running of cattle, that had taken fright at them, and upon examination, they were found rapidly advancing within ten yards of the gate, and from the place and distance they received the first fire from the man who discovered them John M'Rocy. They immediately returned the fire, and continued a very heavy and constant firing upon the station, blockhouses surrounded with a stockade for an hour, and were repulsed with considerable loss, without injuring man, woman, or child, in the station.During the whole time of the attack, the Indians were never more distant than ten yards from the Block House, and often in large numbers close round the lower walls, attempting to put fire to it. One ascended the roof with a torch, where he was shot, and falling to the ground, renewed his attempts to fire the bottom logs, and was killed. The Indians fired 30 balls through a port hole of the over???ing, which lodged in the roof in the circumference of the bat, and those sticking in the walls on the outside are innumerable.Undoubted advices have been received that as early at the 18th of September, as many as 500 Creeks passed the Tennessee, and the lower Cherokee towns, and below, as on their way they decared to make war on Cumberland--and that they were joined by about 100 Cherokees of those towns.--This must have been the party that attacked Buchanan's station. Dreadful havoc was expected, but it is now hoped, that the check they have received will induce them to return without making further attempts upon that settlement.On the 3d instant. Black's Block House on the head of Crooked Creek, (a branch of Little River) at which there was a serjeant's command, of Cape, Crawford's company, was attacked, by surprise, about an hour and a half in the night, by a party of Indians, commanded by a Cherokee of Will's Town called the Tail, a brother of the Bench, and Talohteske, consisting of 3 other Cherokees and 5 Creeks.James Paul was killed in the knife, and George Morse and Robert Sharp, at a fire on the outside and John Shankland wounded, 3 horses were killed, and 7 taken off.These are the fruits of the advise of the Baron D'Carrondolet and Governor O'Neal; and it is due to Mr. Paton, their chief instrument, to add he has well acted his part!!!We hear from Fayetteville (North Carolina), that on Tuesday the 23d of October last a fire broke out in that town, owing to the negligence of a small negro girl, which consumed about 40 dwelling houses and stores, and 28 buildings of other descriptions.