Philadelphia, June  3.  [ Authentic.]Copy of a letter from General Wilkins, to Col. C. Biddl,  dated Pittsburgh, 23 d May, 1794."I this moment received yours of the 17th inst. I arrived about fifteen minutes ago from Le Boeuf, and left the detachment there well covered, and in good spirits. They have built, under my directions, two small block-houses, picketed in, which I think will render them sufficiently strong until the reinforcement goes under Capt. Denny."The Indians I have conversed with still continue of the opinion that the British will make an opposition to the establishment at Presque Isle. There arrived at Cuslawago, while I was there, an Indian from Sandusky, where he had been left by the Senecas last fall sick;--he says the Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, M'Kee, and Elliot the Indian agent, (the two last refugees from this country) were visiting all the Indian towns in that quarter, and exciting them to continue their opposition to the Americans, and assuring them of support from their father the British monarch. He further adds that they were ready for fighting Gen. Wayne the moment he moved; and that the British were erecting garrisons at the Miami river. Heconfirms the accounts of the other Indians, that they were determined to oppose the establishment at Presque Isle."There were in the Port of Philadelphia on the 25th of May.62 Ships,  73 Brigs,  7 Snows,  60 Schooners,  42 Sloops.  244In the House of Representatives of the United  States, Thursday June 5, 1794.The House, according to the order of the day, resolved itself into a committee of the whole House, on the report of the Committee, to whom was referred the remonstrance of the People west of the Alleghany Mountains, relative to the navigation of the river Mississippi, and after some time spent therein, Mr. Speaker resumed the chair, and Mr. Trumbull reported, that the Committee, according to order, had the same report under consideration, and come to a resolution thereupon, which he delivered in at the Clerk's table, where the same was twice read, and agreed to by the House, as follows:Resolved, That as it appear, from the communications of the Executive, that the right of the United States to the free navigation of the Mississippi, is now the subject of negotiation with the Court of Spain; and as it is the interest of the United States, and every part thereof, to come to an amicable adjustment of the right in that mode, rather than resort to any means constitutionally belonging to the Legislature, no farther proceeding should be had on the said remonstrance, during the present session of Congress.Extract from the Journal.