The Rota frigate arrived on Monday off Plymouth, with a fleet from Halifax under convoy, and passed up the channel with the chief part of the trade. From the Hydra transport, which put into Plymouth, we have received the following official notification of Sir James Yeo's success on Lake Ontario, the American notices of which have already been published.Bulletin."Head-quarters Kingston, Aug. 14. 1813 "By accounts received from his Excellency the Governor in Chief and Commander of the forces, from Commodore Sir James Yeo, dated off York, half-past one P.M. on the 11th instant, the following particulars have been transmitted of the capture and loss of the enemy's armed schooners:--"On Thursday evening last, the 10th instant, the enemy's squadron, under the Command of Commodore Chauncey, got under weigh from their anchorage, off the mouth of Niagara River, and, with a fine breeze from the east, stood towards our fleet, which were becalmed off the port of Twelve Mile Creek. At sun-set, a breeze coming off the land, gave us the wind of the enemy, when our squadron stood for them, on which immediately bore away from us under as much sail as their schooners could carry to keep up with their larger vessels. The enemy's fleet formed a long. The Pike, Madison, Oneida, and six schooners (two schooners were placed to windward for the purpose of raking the masts of our squadron as it should come up). At eleven the squadron got within gun-shot of the schooners, when they opened a brisk fire, and, from their going so fast, it was more than an hour before the Wolf, our headmost ship, could pass them ; at this time the rest of the squadron was two and three miles astern of the Wolf, and on her coming up with the Madison and Pike, they put before the wind and made sail, firing their stern-chasers.--Sir J. Yeo finding it impossible to get the squadron up with the enemy, as the Wolf was the only ship which could keep up with them, then made sail between them and the two schooners to windward, which he captured, and which are called the Julia and Growler, each carrying one long 32pounder and long 12-pounder, and 40 men.--Two of the enemy's largest schooners, the Scourge, of 10, and Hamilton, of nine guns, upset on the night of the 9th, in carrying sail, and all on board perished (about 100 in number). By this loss and capture, the enemy's squadron are reduced to 10 vessels, and our's increased to eight. It is ascertained that the Pike mounts 28 long 24-pounders, and 420 men, the Madison 22 long 32 pounders, and 340 men. Boat loads of troops were taken on board the enemy's squadron on Monday last, for the purpose, it is supposed, of repelling the boarders.--The Wolf has not received any material injury, and not a person hurt. The prisoners were landed on the 11th instant, and the Growler's damage repaired. She had lost her bowsprit, and was otherwise cut up."Nothing could exceed the eagerness and enthusiasm of the officers and men in our squadron for a close engagement."