A proclamation, issued by Governor Macquarrie, appears in the Sidney Gazette of 14th May, stating that Peter Mills Acting Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Port Dalrymple, Van Dieman's Land, and George Williams, Acting Deputy Commissary of Stores and provisions at the said settlement, had absconded from their habitations, and fled to the woods ; that their object was to live by rapine and violence ; to effect which they had armed themselves, and taken the command of a gang of 26 desperadoes, with whose aid they had committed numerous robberies--entering the lands of settlers, driving away their cattle, and plundering their houses. The proclamation declares that those who shall return to their houses and occupations before 1st December next, shall be pardoned and saved harmless from all offences, except the crime of wilful murder ; and denounces those who shall disregard this offer, as outlaws.Sydney, New South Wales, Jan. 4. The Argo has arrived with a most extensive supply of tea, viz, 167 chests of souchong, 200 ditto bobea, 200 hyson skin, and young hyson 50 ; in all 617 chests. The consequences has been a reduction in the price of souching from 30s to 5s per lb currency. Shortly prior to the Argo's departure from the Island of Mauritius, the Hope American ship, laden with tea and sundies, valued at L80,000, was captured by his Majesty's sloop Harpy, Captain Allen.In consequences of the oppressive conduct of several masters of colonial and British ships, and of their crews towards the natives of New Zealand, of Otaheite, and of the other islands in the South Pacific Ocean, which have led to the destruction of several vessels, with their crews, by the natives, and disturbed all trade and intercourse with those islands, both by British shipping and that ofthe allied powers--his Excellency has forbidden any vessel to clear out from any place in New South Wales, without a bond given by the master or owner to the naval officer for the time being at the port, for L.1000 sterling, binding him and his crew not to commit any act of hostility, or to be guilty of any trespass, or forment any animosities between the natives, or take any part in any war that may prevail ; nor forcibly carry away any male or female inhabitants of the islands under penalty of forfeiting the sum specified in the bond.A small party, who a short time ago undertook[?] a land passage in a direction towards Broken Bay, for the purpose of ascertaining the nature and fertility of the country, have discovered an excellent grazing track of 8000acres. In consequence of which one gentlemen, Mr Robert Campbell, has already sent thither an extensive herd of cattle, and this example is likely to be followed by others.Thomas West, who came to this colony a convict for life, in the ship Earl Cornwall's[?], in 1801, has received from his Excellency a conditional pardon, in consideration of his general good conduct and character for sobriety and industry, and also in consideration of his having lately erected a water mill for the grinding of grain at Barcorn Glen, within two miles of Sydney, being the first water mill ever erected in the vicinty of this town.Sydney, New South Wales, May 21. The good understanding between the natives and our settlers, which had been maintained for the last six years, has given place to frequent outrages attended with fatal consequences. On Saturday, a body of 60 natives commenced plundering the fields of a settler, when three privates of the veteran battalion fired upon them and killed a boy. The narushed upon them before they could load again, and killed on private, Isaac Eustace, and compelled the other two to fly. They then plundered the ground of Messrs Milehouse and Butcher. Next day a party of 14 soldiers falling in with them, shot a woman and two children--the savages attacked William Baker, a stock-keeper of Mr MacArthur, killed the man and two women, named Sullivan and Herburg.Sydney, New South Wales, Feb. 12. On Monday last arrived the ship General Hewett, Captain Earle, from England, having a detachment of the 46th regiment, commanded by Major Oglivie ; and yesterday arrived the Windham, Captain Bligh, also from England, having on board the head-quarters of the 46th regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Molle, who succeeded Lieutenant-Colonel O'Connell, as Lieutenant-Governor of the territory, and is accompanied by Mrs Molle and family ; also Lieutenant Walters, of the navy, agent for transports--Of the 300 convicts which the General Hewett received on board, 35 died on the passage.