Colonial IntelligenceThe accounts received on Tuesday from the Cape of Good Hope are to the 17th April, which are considerably later than those previously received.Information has just reached Cape Town, that a detachment of troops, joined by a number of the inhabitants, who had been sent to suppress the Caffres, had succeeded in driving them back, and were compelled to cross the river. The corn districts were in a great measure cleared of the savages, and the country-people were returning to their homes, where they considered themselves secure from any further attacks, at least for some time to come.Letters have just been received, via Calcutta, from New South Walves, up to the end of November. The colony was then all well, and several convict-ships (the Marley, Glory, Mario, Isabella,  and others) had arrived, having made the passage out direct in the short period of three months and twenty days, and landed all their convicts and passengers in good health. This may be considered as another, among many proofs, that it is unnecessary to make any stay at any intermediate port.Extract of a letter from Sierra Leone, dated January 9"It is with the deepest regret I inform you, that notwithstanding the liberality of Great Britain, and the faith of treaties solemnly entered into, this coast swarms with slave vessels, drugging thousands of its miserable inhabitants into endless captivity. A few days ago arrived here the Union, of Liverpool : the supercargo states, that during his stay in the River Calaba, not less than eight vessels, averaging 500 slaves each, had sailed for the Spanish Collective."" Montreal, May 11"We learn there are about 70 souls, mostly Canadians, preparing to set out from this place, the 25th inst. for Lord Selkirk's settlement on the River Rouge. The number of settlers there at this time, it is said amount to about 590. An intelligent Canadian, in easy circumstances with whom we conversed, and who goes thither with the before-mentioned settlers, with all his family, says he passed a winter there when engaged in this for trade and reports it to be a fertile country, and the climate much milder than that of Canada. Thus, there is every appearance, that this Colony, in the course of time, will become populous and flourishing."