Emigration.We extract the following statement from the Montreal Herald  and an important one it is, to those who are desirous of emigrating, as well as to those, who, from patriotic motives, would wish to turn the tide of emigration into a channel which, while it relieve the mother country now, may hereafter add to her strength and resources :Number of British subjects that emigrated to the United States, who received recommendations for grants of land, and removed to the province of Upper Canada, from James Buchanan, Esq. his Majesty's Consul at New York, in the year 1819 : --English  { Farmers..... 180 Women..... 118 Children..... 157 Mechanics..... 117 Women..... 57 Children..... 92 } 1021 Scotch  { Farmers..... 50 Women..... 11 Children..... 15 Mechanics..... 30 Women..... 9 Children..... 36 } 131 Irish  { Farmers..... 184 Women..... 94 Children..... 319 Mechanics..... 75 Women..... 42 Children..... 98 } 810 Total.........1962We cannot give publicity to the above return, without observing how eminently calculated such a document is, to open the eyes of our too credulous, yet industrious and loyal countrymen ; many of whom are still disposed to look to the United Statesm, as the abode of independence and the source of affluence. Here we see nearly 2000 British subjects, who, in one season, through the agency alone of one of our Consuls(withoutany pecuniary aid), have removed from the United States to Upper Canada. Their trieal and failure in the former, as well as the trial and failure of the great numbers who have returned to this country, are circumstances well calculated to direct the attention of those who have emigration in view, at once to Upper Canada. We have made enquiry about these hitherto unknown, but truly fertile regions ; and we are informed from a most authentic and satisfactory source, that there there are unlocated lands, fertile beyond the conception of those who have not seen them, capable of receiving ten millions of inhabitants ; that the winters are not so cold, nor the summers so hot, as in the State of New York ; that these regions have proved eminently healthy to the vast numbers that have poured into them of late years ; and that the administration of the laws, the state of education and religious instruction, and above all, the peace and quiet of the inhabitants have found there, have exceed their most sanguine expectations.It may be desirable to state, that grown persons can get by water from Quebec to York, the capital of Upper Canada, for about 28s ; children, half price ; that to all persons properly recommended as to good conduct, a grant of land is given according to their means of cultivation ; that this grant becomes their own for ever, and they may dispose of it as they please.