Colonial IntelligenceIn our last paper, we gave, from the Jamaiza Gazettes, an account of the dreadful drought which had prevailed in that island for more than twelve months and the consequences of which had been most calamitous. We are now, however, most happy, in being able to state, upon the authority of a Gentleman who left Jamaica some days subsequently to the date of our preceding advices, that this terible evil, in such a climate particularly, had at length ceased. The following is the substance of the information which has been communicated to us:--"A few hours previous to my going on board the Jamaica packet, on the 3d of September, the rain fell in such torrents as to flood the streets of Kingston to the depth of two feet, and it seemed to be general throughout the district of Liguanea."Though too late to save the crop of sugar for the present, or, perhaps, the ensuing year, this seasonable change of weather would at least have the effect of staying the mortality among the cattle. As such, those interested in the island will receive the intelligence with gratification. On some properties, the canes had been cut as fodder to save the stock."We have the Cape of Good Hope papers to the 6th August, and as they are unusually barren in their contents, it is fair to infer that every thing was proceeding there in a satisfactory manner. The only article of the slightest interest relates to the change the Governor is gradually effecting in the currency, by removing from it all the base metal, and substituting gold and silver of standard value.The Gazette of Dordrecht  publishes accounts from Java to the 29th May. They confirm the statement of the decrease of the malady, and mention, that it was almost wholly subdued in the district of Samarang, but that 18,000 persons, mostly Europeans, had fallen victims. Batavia and Sourabaya were still infected.India--Extract of a letter from Calcutta, dated June 20:--"If the extension of foreign trading be considered with you as a means suited to alleviate the pressure, and ease the difficulties of Old England, which we read of here, we imagine that India can furnish beneficial openings to this kind of remedy. The use of articles of British production and exports is gaining ground rapidly here ; the English printed cottons are now carried in considerable quantities as far as Rajpootha, and find a ready sale, if they be of handsome patterns. The warehouses now are so far from being overstocked, that before the arrival of two vessels from England in the last fortnight, all European articles were exorbitantly high ; mustard flour sold about 20s. a pound ; cheese 1[?] ; ham, three half crowns the ld ; a common round hat, three guineas. These, undoubtedly, were prices arising from an unusual scarcity ; but it surely cannot be so very bad a trading, which admits, even, indicidentally, of such an exaggeration of price and profit. Government bonds are now at six per cent premium, though they bear but half the usual or legal interest of the country. This is a tolerable evidence of the credit of the Company and the Government. There is a great and increasing prosperity in Hindostan. The augmented cultivation of the Upper Provinces within these two years is surprising.