Theatre Royal.--The Pantomine, we observe, is postponed till Friday. Meanwhile, the theatre is crowded nightly, the public being admitted at second price from the commencement of the performances.Music Hall.--We stated, about two month ago, that, in connection with other improvements in the Assembly Rooms, a plan was under consideration for erecting a Music Hall. We are now happy to announce, that at a meeting of the proprietors of the Rooms last week, full pwers were given to the Directors to take the requisite steps for carrying the design into execution. The desire so long felt by the cultivators of music here, will soon be realisd, by the erection of a splendid hall, constructed with a due regard to the accommodation both of professional men and the public, and with a minute attention to the most recent improvements, by which full effect is secured to musical performances when conducted on a grand scale. By what may be called a propitious coincidence, Mr Bishop, the new Professor of Music, arrived in Edinburgh on the very day when this resolution was come to.Martin's Paintings.--The exhibition of these celebrated paintings in this city has already, we believe, attracted many visitors. They are truly wonderful creations, and possess a power and grandeur of which the engravings, so familiar to the public, convey but a faint conception. In contemplating " the Deluge," the spectator is so [?] [?] [?] the scene, that he is apt to overlook the details; but these will be found on inspection to be among the most interesting features of the picture. The groups of perishing beings are exquisitely wrought, while everything is made to contribute to the terrific grandeur of the catastrophe. The other two pictures--"Pandemonium" and "the Rivers of Bliss," are smaller in size, but equally indicative of the high poetic genius of the artist. Nothing could be more striking than the contrast these pictures present to each other--the one fearful beyond expression, the other exhibiting a heavenly serenity and loveliness on which the eye rests with delight. There are several other valuable paintings in this collection, amongst which is "The Offering Up of Isaac," a Rembrandt in fine preservation.Gordon's British Diorama.--This beautiful exhibition opened on Saturday last, and has, we understand, been crowded with visitors ever since. It will be seen by Mr Gordon's advertisement in to-day's paper, that the view of the Tower of London during the recent conflagration (to which we alluded in our last) has now arrived, and is being exhibited along with the other views.Broughton-place Congregation.--We understand that the call given by BroughtonPlace Congregation to the Rev. Mr Croon, Sanquhar, to be colleague to the Rev. Dr. Brown, has not been accepted, owing to the strong claims which the affectionate people among whom he presently labours have to continuance of his services, and his unfitness, as he alleges, for a charge so laborious; a result which, we learn, has caused among the members of Broughton-Place extreme and general regret.Cooke's Equestrian Amphitheatre, Leith.--Mr Cooke has generously handed over to the Provost, for the benefit of the Destitute Sick Society, the handsome sum of t15; being the free proceeds of Friday evening's entertainment, which took place under the patronage of the Provost and Magistrates.Captain Ross' Discoveries.--Extracts from Captain Ross' despatches have been published in a Parliamentary paper. From the map which accompanies the paper, we gain a more distinct idea of his track than the previous article copied from the Athenean[?]  afforded. South Victoria Land, which he discovered, extends in latitude from 70 1/2 south to 79, how much farther is unknown; and in longitude its eastern coast lies between 163 and 171. Its position is directly south from New Zealand, and at the distance of 1500 geographical miles. The length of the part seen was fully 500 miles. It was girt with a border of ice many miles in breadth, which rendered it inaccessible. The passage southward was closed at latitude 78 by a barrier of ice 150 feet high, which was traced for 300 miles east from Victoria Land. Icebergs were encountered in numbers after they passed parallel of 63, and pack ice at 66. The land " rose in lofy peaks from 9000 to 12,000 feet in height, perfectly covered with eternal snow; the glaciers  descended from near the mountain summits, project many miles into the ocean,  and presented a perpendicular face of lofty cliffs." They could not reach the mainland, but landed on an island, which they found to consist of volcanic rocks. On 28th January, in latitude 77 1/2, longitude 169 E., they discovered a magnificent volcano, emitting smoke and flame in a splendid profusion," and named it Mount Erebus. An extinct one near it was named after the other vessel, Mount Terror. At the distance of less than half a mile from the ice cliffs which barred their progress southward, they had soundings with 318 fathoms. These cliffs, no doubt, reached the bottom, and, including the 150 feet above water, must have had an elevation fo 2000 feet of thereabout. The observations on the dip and declination induced them to place the South Magnetic Pole in latitude 76, and east longitude 153; and they considered its position as well ascertained as if they had reached it, though their nearest approach to it was a point 160 miles from it, on the east coast of Victoria Land. The pole is probably within that region, though this cannot be positively affirmed, as its western boundary is unknown. The highest latitude they reached 78. 4. They were therefore only 12 degrees from the pole and about 4 degrees nearer to it than Captain Weddel[?], the most successful of their predecessors. The Non-intrusion Disclosures.--In the Advertiser  of yesterday there is a letter from J. M. Hog, Esq. of Newliston, and another from the Rev. Dr Simpson of Kirknewton, both expressing their extreme surprise at the letter of Mr Hamilton (which appeared in our last), and strongly disclaiming all connexion with it on the part of the General Assembly's Committee.Sabbath Observance--The Sweetie Case. --We understand that the Government of Prussia, thinking that the mode of keeping the Sabbath in that country was in some respects too lax, recently sent over a person to this country, to learn whether our practise in Britain would not furnish hints for improvement. Unluckily, the very first specimens of our piety which met him were the sweetie case, and that of the poor man Key who was excommunicated for burying his child on Sunday. These will of course figure in the very front of the officer's report as the natural fruits of our system, and we may guess what their effect will be in reconciling the Germans to a stricter observance of Sunday! We can, moreover, inform Butters' prosecutors, that the fame of their exploits has already travelled, by the aid of the Teutonic newspapers, to the uttermost parts of Germany, to the infinite amusement of the Swabian farmers, the Saxon miners, and the shepherds of the Riesengeberge. Key's case is no doubt destined to enjoy equal celebrity.Airdrie--Anti-Corn-Law Conference.--On Monday last, the members of the United Secession Church, Airdrie, favourable to a repeal of the Corn and Provision Laws, met, in compliance with the request of the Committee taking the active management of the Conference to be held in Edinburgh on the second week in January next on that subject, when they unanimously appointed their pastor, the Rev. Matthew M'Gavin, A.M., Mr John Craig Waddell, proprietor, and Mr James Forrester, merchant in Airdrie, to represent their sentiments at that meeting, which is looked forward to with great interest by the liberal portion of the inhabitants of the burgh. The Rev. Mr Taylor, with Messrs Adam Nimmo, contractor, and John Young, bookseller, will represent the Independent congregation; and Mr Thomas Muir, pastor of the Baptist church, will represent that body on that occasion.Kirkcudbright--Address to the Dean of Faculty,--We learn that at a meeting, held on the 17th current, of the Clerks and Procurators of the Steward and COmmissary Courts, an address was voted to Alexander Wood, Esq. on his appointment to the office of Dean of Faculty, and his retirement from that of Steward of Kirkcudbright.Distress in Paisley.--We understand that the Bookbinders of Edinburgh purpose to give a Grand Musical Melange in a few days, the proceeds of which are to be handed over to the committee for the distressed weavers in Paisley.Musselburgh.--Mr Wilson, Treasurer to the "Honest Town," has, by the hands of the district committeesm collected from the contributors to the Prince of Wales fund, nearly t100; and the committees have already distributed 130 tons of coals to the necessitous families in the neighbourhood.Presbytery of Dalkeith--Case of Mr Monroe.--This Presbytery met on Tuesday the 21st current. At a former meeting an agent appeared for Mr Monroe, presentee to Fala, and laid on the table of Presbytery a presentation in his favour to the parish of Fala. It having been objected that the presentation, and some other papers relative thereton, bore, that Mr Monroe was presented merely to the parish of Fala, and not to the united parishes of Fala and Soutra, the agent made his appearance again at the meeting, which was held on Tuesday, with a supplementary presentation, and also a letter acceptance from Mr Monroe. The agent, when asked, admitted that he had not with him a Presbyterial certificate; and he stated, that he would not ask the Presbytery to sustain the presentation with relative papers at that meeting. But he intimated, that he intended to appear at the next meeting, which is appointed to be held on the 22d of February, and he expected to be able to show that the Presbytery should then sustain the presentation and relative documents.Splendid Meteor.--On Tuesday evening, about eight o'clock, a meteor of unusal size and splendour was witnessed in this quarter. The evening was very clear, the sky being without a cloud, and the moon shining brightly. Suddenly, a dazzling blaze of light burst from the sky, illuminating Benlomond and the distant hills, the Curse around Craigforth, and, indeed, the earth and air on every side as far as the eye could reach, with all the brilliancy of noon-day. The phenomenon appeared like a ball of fire, of an oblong shape, and apparently almost twice the size of the moon, having at the time somewhat of the same silvery appearance as that luminary, but flaming with a brilliancy so intense as almost to dazzle the eyes. A tail of fire somewhat resembling that of a rocket, but composed of the most beautifully varied colours, streamed behind it for a short distance, adding much to its spendour, and giving the whole an appearance at once singularly magnificent and sublime. Before it disappeared, it assumed a red glowing appearance, and then burst for an instant enveloping the earth and sky in a blaze as bright and dazzling as the most vivid lightning. It appeared to pass from the south to the north, inclining towards the earth. To the eye it seemed to burst and disappeared above Gargunnock. Another meteor of the same kind, but much less in size, brilliancy, and splendour, was observed falling in a quartr rather farther to the south, a few minutes previously. It is a coincidence worthy of notice, that a meteor, of the same nature with that first described in the above, was seen at the same hour in Glasgow.--Stirly Journal.Glasgow.--The collection made on Sabbath afternoon last, by the Rev. Mr Macfarlane's congregation, Nicholson Street, Glasgow, amounted to t46, 7s. 6d. This sum is the more praiseworthy when it is considered that this congregation has within a few months subscribed among themselves nearly t1000 for the erection of their beautiful place of worship to be called "Erskine Church," of which they are erelong to take possession.The Unemployed in Paisley.--The number of unemployed in Paisley has last week decreased by 43. In Kilbarchan and Barrhead they were still on the increase. The following is the official report of yesterday for Paisley and Barrhead :--Paisley. Males, 1865 Dependants, 4662 --6527 Females, 1680 Dependants, 3360 --5040 Total, 11,567 Barrhead. December 17, 287 ... 23, 346 Increase, 59 --Paisley Advertiser.The Paisley Manufacturing Committee. --This Committee continue to carry on their operations with energy and zeal. The amount of the fund now exceeds t8000, and is still on the increase. They have given out about 700 webs already, and are as busy as possible preparing more. Unable to get a sufficiency of webs warped in Paisley, they have sent for assistance in this respect both to Glasgow and Johnstone. A good deal of work has this week been given to warpers, winders and heddle-casters. They have taken much more spacious premises in Gilmour Street, in order that they may the more easily supply both town and country weavers. It is desirable that the implement fund should be somewhat enlarged, as the other funds of the Committee are not trenched on for that purpose --Ibid.Ducal Generosity.--After the late county meeting at Hamilton, at which addresses were voted to the Queen and Prince Albert, his Grace the Duke of Hamilton and several of those who had attended the meeting visited the jail. One respectable looking female attracted his Grace's attention; and on inquiry he was told that she was the widow of a respectable wood merchant, now deceased, and had been confined for upwards of a year, at the instance of a law agent in Edinburgh, for costs incurred in a suit in the Court of Session. His Grace immediately caused the truth of the poor woman's story to be investigated, and on being satisfied of the facts he caused the debt to be paid by his factor, and procured the woman's liberation, who has thus through his Grace's generosity been restored to liberty and to the superintendence of her young family.--Reformers' Gazette.Presentation.--A number of the members of the United Secession Church, Airdrie, met in their vestry on the evening of Wednesday the 22d inst. when Councillor Brown, in name of the congregation, presented the Rev. M. M'Gavin, A.M., their pastor, with a handsome pulpit gown and cassock, as a mark of their respect and esteem; after which a number of the influential members of the congregation entertained him to supper supper in Mr Witherspoon's King's Arms Inn--Mr Daniel Gray, collector, Coltness Railway, in the chair, and Dr Clarkson, croupier--when the evening was spent in the most friendly, happy, and intellectual manner.A Rescue.--Last week, while the Duke of Hamilton was riding along the wood leading from Hamilton to Bothwell, he heard the screams of a female, and on looking towards the place whence the cries came, he perceived a stout Irishman belabouring a woman in a most unmerciful style. No sooner did he observe this, than he rode up to the scene of cruelty, dismounted from his horse, knocked the savage down, rescued the woman, and sent her home rejoicing, with more money in her pocket than it may have been her lot to possess for a long time. When we recollect that his Grace was born so long ago as October 1767, and so is in his 75th year, we cannot sufficiently admire his gallantry, humanity, and intrepidity--Glasgow Chronicle.Town Council.--The usual meeting of Council did not take place yesterday in consequence of the Christmas holidays.House of Industry.--We understand that Miss Grace Bailie had left a legacy to the Edinburgh House of Industry of ten pounds sterling.Old Church.--The Lords of her Majesty's Treasury have officially intimated to the parties interested their intention to adhere to the original arrangement made with the Town Council, for altering the Assembly Aisle, and rendering it fit to be permanently used as a place of worship for the accomodation of one of the city congregations.Prince of Wales Fund.--In the table of sums subscribed in the different Wards of Police, published in our paper of Saturday last, that indicated for the 26th Ward was t120, 12s. 9d. Mr Lindores, the General Commissioner, requests us to state, that the sum subscribed in his Ward was t275, 12s. 9d., and that the difference between the two sums is the amount of the very handsome subscriptions by the Banks in St Andrew Square, and which were drawn by the Treasurer.Presentation of Plate.--On Friday afternoon, about fifty citizens entertained Mr William Donaldson, of the Albion Cloth Company, to an elegant dinner and dessert, in the Turf Hotel, Princes Street, for the purpose of presenting him with a testimonial of their esteem, subscribed for by the members of the Celtic Lodge, and other private friends. Mr William Wright, hat manufacturer, was in the chair, supported on the right and left by the guest of the evening, Mr Pritchard of the Theatre-Royal, and other gentlemen. Mr Dick of the Albion officiated as croupier. After the usual loyal and preliminary toasts had been given, the chairman called for a bona fide  bumper for the toast of the evening, and, after passing a handomse eulogium on those various qualities of their guest which had endeared him to all his friends, neighbours, and acquaintances, far and wide, presented to Mr Donaldson, in the name of the subscribers, a very elegant and massive silver tea set, of the value of t50. Mr Donaldon's health was then proposed and drunk with warm and friendly enthusiasm. The presentee replied to the compliment in modest and appropriate terms. The company spent an exceedingly happy and convivial night; the chairman and croupier taking care that there should be no flagging in the jovialty. The toasts were suitable to the occasion. Mr Mackenzie's instrumental band played appropriate airs to the various toasts and sentiments; and vocal music, from amateurs, was never wanting; the guest himself being a host in that department. The following inscription is neatly engraved on the various pieces of playe :--"To Mr William Donaldson, R.W.M. of the Lodge Celtic of Edinburgh and Leith, from a number of Masonic and other Friends.--24th Dec. 1841."Theft and Recovery of a Pony.--At a late hour on Sunday night a gentleman residing in the southern part of the town dismounted from his pony at his own gate, and proceeding inwards, leaving the animal to follow, as he was wont to do, to the stable. On looking about, he observed a young man, whom he supposed to be his son, take the reins and mount the pony. Shortly afterwards the son came into the house, and the question of "Where is the pony?" soon convinced the parties that it was stolen. They immediately proceeded in search, and while the gentleman was giving information at the Police-Office, his son discovered the pony with a rider on the North Bridge. He immediately seized the reins and made a clutch at the thief; but the latter very adroitly threw himself off at the opposite side, ran down the Fleshmarket stairs, and escaped.Providential Recovery.--One day last week, a fine little child, about five years of age, belonging to one of the villagers at Ratho, having dandered[?] away with another little play-fellow, like himself, to a little distance from the house, fell into a deep well. His companion was found standing weeping at the edge. The apparently dead body of the little one being got out, was taken home, and all hopes of its recovery given up, when Dr Pringle, and excellent young gentleman, who is presently assistant of Dr Craig at Ratho, made his appearance, and, by applying himself with indefatiguable perseverance, succeeded in recalling the apparently extinguished spark. The next the little romp was as lively as ever.Mungo Park.--A public meeting was held in the town hall of Selkirk, on Monday the 26th current, the Chief Magistrate in the chair; when various resolutions were adopted with the view of erecting a monument or other permanent mark of respect for the memory of this celebrated traveller.Thimble-Riggers.--A band of thimble-riggers from Edinburgh have for several weeks past been infesting the roads in the neighbourhood of Glasgow. They are six in number and one of them, an old man of rather respectable appearance, is generally in advance of the party, and having got into conversation with a passenger on the road, and the others running up, and desiring the old man to try his luck; he does so, and winning a trifle, he easily persuades the person with whom he has been ingratiating himself to try also, and he is soon robbed of his whole spare cash. Information having, on Wednesday last, been given to the Procurator-Fiscal at Pollokshaws, and the gang were on the new Kilmarnock Road, he immediately despatched two rural police officers in pursuit of them. On the officers coming up to the gang, they separated and ran off, but the officers captured two of them (the old man and another), who were safely lodged in Pollokshaws Jail; and having been brought before two of the Justices, and several person having sworn to being defrauded by them of their money, they were sentenced tothirty days' imprisonment in Paisley House of Correction, with hard labour, as rogues and vagabonds; and an active look-out is made by the police for the remainder of the gang.Stoppage of Payments by the Town of Paisley.--Partly on account of the great depression of trade, and partly on account of a run raised by the circulation of malicious and false statements regarding the affairs of the community of Paisley, theTown Council, at a meeting on Wednesday evening, ordered the Chamberlain to susspend receipt or payment of deposits, in the meantime, but to proceed with all possible despatch in realizing the outstanding debts due to the community for the regular payment of the interest on the money borrowed, and other current engagements of the burgh. It is pretty generally known that a small portion of the would-be-political leaders of the town who have not the influence to get themselves placed in municipal authority, have for a good number of years endeavoured to embarass the party in power, by attacking the credit of the community. The unfavourabout state of trade and the leniency of the Council in not enforcing during the last year the exactions on the owners of property, for entries, &c. falling due, caused a deficiency of nearly t300 in the usual amount of revenue. This simple circumstance was taken advantage of, though nothing was lost thereby, and statements prejudicial to the town's credit were placed in the hands of every credito that could be found by the individuals referred to, and thus uncalled for alarm raised. In addition to this, the adherents of the same party in the Council during the last five days gave currency to another statement which they knew to be quite untrue, about the late Provost having commenced to secure himself by drawing a thousand pounds, when the fact was he had not drawn out a penny. From the position to which which the affiars the town are now driven a full and public exposure of these matters will soon be submitted to the creditors. The Council have been negotiating for such a loan of money as will pay off those who are dissatisfied, which in the ordinary state of the money market they would long since have obtained, though at present that is difficult. As regards risk to the creditors, from the best informed quarters we are assured there is none. More than one-third of the whole debts of the town are due to the Bank and the members of Council, or their immediate friends, and fully a half of the debt against the river is due to the same parties. This we should conceive the strongest proof that could be adduced of the confidence of those who should best know the state of the town's affairs.--Glasgow Chronicle.Disgraceful Trick.--At a late wake in the country, a short way from Crieff, a waggish fellow tied a cord secretly to the neck of the corpse and while a number of young men and women present were going on merrily with some sport the wag pulled the cord, when corpse started up in the bed, making the clothes to fly off; the whole party rushed to the door, crying for mercy upon them, and knocking each other over in the hurry, when at length some people came to their assistance, who afterwards discovered the cause of their terror.--Perth Courier.The Church Question.--Long ago, Dr Chalmers let out the secret of the clerical movement, by declaring that very little of Non-intrustion would satisfy him and his friends, provided the independent power of the Church were secured. Now, this liberum arbitrium  does nothing at all for Non-intrusion; but it does a great deal for Church Independence. It confers no privilege on the laity; but it adds immeasurably to the power of the clergy. It is, in fact, the very worst part of the claims that have been advanced by the Church; and its effects would simply be to sacrifice the lay Non-intrusionists on the one hand, and clerical Moderates on the other. It means literally uncontrolled power to the Church The  General Steam Navigation Company's ship Monarch, Captain Fraser, arrived at Granton from London on Monday evening at half-past nine o'clock.Election of a Minister for Old Monk- land.--The election of a minster took place at Old Monkland Church, on Thursday the 23d inst., and the right of patronage being vested in the Heritors and Kirk-Session, the election might be considered a popular one. About 150 voters attended the meeting, and a decided wish having been expressed by, it is understood, the whole of the heritors that no candidate known to be connected with the Non-intrusion party in the Church should be chosen, the meeting, acting upon this principle, unanimously agreed to elect the Rev. Mr Johnston, Greenock, as minister of the parish. Considering the number of voters, the unanimity that prevailed among the electors, it is believed, is without precedent and stongly marks the sentiments and feelings of a large and very populous parish on the present proceedings of the dominant party in th Church. Mr Johnston was proposed by General Pye Douglass of Rosehall, seconded by Mr M'Caul of Daldowie, and unanimously elected.--Reformers' Gazette.Destructive Fire.--About three o'clock on the morning of the 25th curt., an alarm of fire was given at Balmangan Mill, in the parish of Rerwick. The premises are occupied by Mr Kissock, and despite the great exertions of himself, servants and neighbours, the work of destruction proceeded with a degree of rapidity that rendered it impossible to save a single article. The flames in their fury having charred the rafters, the roof fell in with a loud crash; and, before long, the entire mill, with the exception of the side walls, became an unbroken mass of ruins. The building contained a considerable quantity of grain and oatmeal, the property of the tacksman, all of which was unforunately destroyed. As the premises were found quite safe a very few hours previously, suspicion of incendiarism have naturally arisen, but no clue thus far has been found attaching guilt to a single individual. The fire, if wilful, implies the blackest malice, and it is sad to think that any one could have been so wicked as to destroy what thousands are in want of, and would gladly toil for, if they only knew how--daily bread--Dumfries Courier.Hamilton.--Some influential persons in Hamilton and the neighbourhood have subscribed to build an Episcopal chapel in that town. We have been informed that all the requisite arrangements have been made for carrying the views of the subscribers into effect. This is one effect of the conduct of the rebellious majority of the General Assembly. Many of thsoe now friendly to the scheme, never dreamed of espousing Episcopacy, till they have been driven in disgust from the Church of their fathers, by the conduct of their ministers; men who exist in their offices by law, and yet set that very law at defiance, in virtue of which they hold offices, and draw their "temporalities," as they cantingly term their good things, which alone induce some of them, at least, to remain members of the venerable Establishment. Who would have believed, some years ago, that "Black Prelacy" was about to be established within sight of Bothwell Brigg!